相关	Por que esta app no me deja registrarme desde mi teléfono Elliac, sin embargo desde mi P.C. si me permite.
无关	I think it’s good but it’s to glitchy I can never hear what a person is saying most of the time and I think you should make it kind of like google classroom with class work
相关	Zoom is a wonderful and free way for short teleconferences as everyone knows. However, even in the Pro upgrade, if you want to share your screen and show videos, it is very much out of synch between the audio and video. The video gets very ‘jerky’.    They don’t tell you this anywhere, but it only works smoothly on a desktop, but not an Apple desktop.
相关	The invite messages would not go through the server
无关	Great apps
相关	These virtual backgrounds are AMAZING some backgrounds are even video backgrounds and can you make buttons that ask to enable stuff that are disabled I love the idea of making co-hosts and lending your account to someone and deciding if they could have co-hosts and so on and could you make co-co-hosts just with less ability of course
无关	Rocks!
无关	First time to use ZOOM,was during COVID19 social distancing necessity.  Flawless.  Excellent for work and personal use applications
无关	get zoom taken down 'face_vomiting''face_vomiting''face_vomiting''face_vomiting'
相关	Not user friendly. The audio icon was open but you could not hear one word from the speaker no matter how high you increased the volume. The video was excellent. I tried 3 times to leave and renter the meeting but the audio was faulty. I would not recommend it. One star for good video connection. I missed a very important meeting.
无关	Zoom is great.  Use it for weekly meetings and it’s steady, clear, consistent.  So happy to have it.
无关	Not only is this easy and fun, but Zoom has made it possible for families and friend-groups to stay in touch during the national stay-at-home period.  They have even extended the regular maximum time limit for free on occasion.  Thanks, Zoom.
相关	It is very laggy and sometimes my students can’t hear me or I can’t hear them it also kicks them out in the middle of the class. We shouldn’t have passwords for it that makes it harder for the students'pouting_face'I’m VERY disappointed
无关	Yes I’m Haik’USA Facebook login app
无关	I must be doing something wrong....kids can do it! It just seems so hard since there is no instructions!!!!!
相关	Unable to record on iPad.  Does recording only work on computers?  I do not have one.
相关	To be able to see others when talking to them gives you  Multi-dimential feedback because in addition to voice, you can see facial expressions and body language. You’re able to avoid interrupting one another because you have a better sense of when someone has merely paused rather than stopped talking.   I love the virtual backgrounds!
相关	Wow, this app is a life saver. Especially during the COVID days. I have a pretty old iPad that can&，39;t do multiple people FaceTime calls and some of my friends have an Android phone anyway but they can still get this app. I think the chat features aren&，39;t super necessary so maybe you could get rid of that for less clutter. Also, on my soccer practice zooms I spend the whole time &，34;connecting&，34;. I think it may be the coaches problem with wifi but it&，39;s super weird. I still love this app!
相关	I put the wrong age and now I can’t use it
无关	It’s wonderful to see and hear people at this time when anxiety and isolation are part of our universe. Zoom is a great platform to connect and has many types of meetings for many different purposes.
无关	this app is ruining our kids childhoods and they shouldn’t have to use this
无关	Met with my Spiritual Direction Group. We are all new to it. Had some bumps on the road but we will figure it out. Sharing face to face as Social Distancing tries to keep us apart. 5 stars with hope that we will understand the process better each time we meet in the ZOOM SPACE
相关	I cannot find a way to sign out of Zoom without deleting the app and downloading it every time I want to use it ..which fortunately is rare.  We use it at work, I hate it there, too... but it seems more annoying as an app because I can&，39;t get myself logged out of it. Please fix this oversight!  
无关	I occasionally have some tech issues which are probably WiFi related. It’s been a good platform for my team and now to use socially.   Have not had any zoombooming issues to date and I think there are enough controls available to avoid issues like that.
相关	I have had problems accessing a meeting once I put my ID number in on my MacBook Air would that be? When I use my iPad there are no issues. So frustrating. Is it zoom or MacBook Air??
相关	It sometimes says incorrect meeting password when it is right
无关	Please change that
无关	Not good app  
无关	Great app for to see others from house to house
相关	I’ve been requesting this several times: Please fix the problem with the camera unable to start under slide view mode. Needs to be fixed ASAP. The reason I gave 3 stars is because of this issue. You will get 5 stars if you fix this problem.
无关	Sorry y’all
无关	The App was easy to use once loaded properly.
相关	I wish I didn’t have to make this, sometimes the screen shuts off black, freezes, I can’t unmute or anything, has happened probably 100 times, I’m fed up, I’m so sorry this is a 1 star.
无关	Absolutely terrible
相关	It’s a great app and works good for class and stuff but whenever I try to sigh up it doesn’t send me an email to Verify so I can’t sigh up
无关	Loving every minute of happy hours with friends and work meetings during this quarantine!
相关	Why are the video and microphone options now white with a tiny red slash if not active? Before the update they would be bright red now they are harder to see unless your face is right up to the screen. Please change it back to a solid  bright red when not active.  
无关	I use it.i am a free American.You can use it to.'smiling_face_with_halo''grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes'
相关	Hi good but there should be a bigger room I tried getting on with Larry but it had 500 people so it’s kinda bad
无关	Really appreciate the customer friendly design fir those of us who are not techies!
无关	Why  
无关	It’s just as good as GOTOMEETING.
相关	One glicth is that when noone is sharing it thinks someone .Also if the host has a updated version pf kahoot amd i dont screens shares dont work and i lost a whole kahoot because of this
相关	I can’t even turn down my volume to 0%. I don’t wanna hear them all the time. Stop being stupid and just let us mute our volumes. I don’t want to hear them some times!!
无关	Pointless without this.
无关	I really like Zoom because I can talk with my teachers and have lessons.I was wondering how can I show screens to the class.Can you guys please tell me how?  Charlotte
无关	Using this for small group Bible Study Class due to the Coronavirus Pandemic.
相关	This is the part I don’t like sometimes sometimes it glitches and this is the fun part I love that you can change your background and you can change your name and chat
无关	这个是企业购买的吧，我们公司买了，个人就可以注册了，我也不知道说的对不
无关	Thanks
无关	Zoom helps make meetings easier to attend. No traveling, no wasted time. Zoom is respectful of my precious time.
无关	Thank you
相关	mac and ios can’t connect audio to hear others  
无关	No
相关	There are sometimes small problems (screen freeze, audio buzz, ETC.). These problems may be due to slow internet connection on one of the many people on the meeting.  One of the best things about Zoom is that it supports so many different platforms. This way you could have a meeting with anyone. It even works very well on my iPad 3rd generation running iOS version 9.3.6
无关	I love how u can share ur screen
相关	我通过别人知道此app，好用是挺好用 ，嗯 提一点意见 就是 希望可以加一个功能就是 一键截屏 ～ 而且 ，我昨天用zoom 总是掉线  有关人员可以检查一下吗
无关	My teacher put us to use this app so I decided to get this at 1 star to get it out of App Store
无关	Used zoom for a meeting today.  Easy schedule and set up function.  User friendly.   Nice that they lifted the 40 minute limitation for a limited period.  Call quality was good on audio but better if all video was off.  Thanks Zoom team for a very user friendly meeting tool.
无关	I can’t seem to join ANY meetings. And it’s pissing me off.
无关	Great
相关	This app always glitches with every devise I use. Not to mention it takes up ALL of your battery life, I went from 100% to 1% within 30 mins and same happened with my friends. Not only does it do that but it also steals your information. It’s SO slow and I just wouldn’t recommend getting it.
相关	I use zoom daily and there are usually no problems but occasionally when Me or the host is screen sharing it just blacks out and also please add a feature of us sending messages real weird stuff happens sometimes lol 'grinning_face_with_sweat'
相关	Zoom continues to seamlessly take unified communications to the next level. I’m consistently collaborating with my teammates through the IM client and jumping into HD meetings at the click of a button!
无关	School waste my time
相关	This app kept on kicking me out of meetings nonstop, and sometimes it won’t let me use my microphone or hear anyone. It often lags and kicks me out of the app. This is not worth the time. Use another format and the new update makes it so you can’t see the top layer of people. The new update also makes it so that I can’t add a virtual background. This app is SO not worth your time
无关	This is a neat app that allows me to challenge myself to set out of my box and reach out to others, without even leaving my home.  It is versatile and user friendly.  I just had a call in my car at my daughter&，39;s riding lesson at the ranch and I didn&，39;t have to give up something for myself.  Fantastic!
无关	big pp poopoo make you do school during coronacation 'face_vomiting''face_with_medical_mask''microbe'
相关	My video quality is bad and my wifi was good  
无关	Zoom has allowed me to take virtual exercise classes and attend virtual mtgs.  Though sometimes glitchy, it is a lifesaver for my mental state to be able to connect with people!
无关	Turning my camera on when i dont want it too also stealing my data
相关	This app is amazing but the problem is it’s saying my password is incorrect even tho I wrote it right. I might think u have a problem u have to fix. But this is amazing app because I’ve been through a lot with this app. Hope u read this message so u know the problem and fix it. Love zoom :D. Stay safe stay home.
相关	Zoom has been a life saver for work.  We have been using it all week.  My only complaint is when trying to load my contacts, the text is taking 6 hours to receive and you only have 60 seconds.  Maybe it’s just an ID-10-T error!
无关	I had never heard of this app until a week ago. How grateful I am for it now. Thank you, Zoom people, for this tool that allows me to better communicate with the people I’m not permitted to physically be in contact with right now.  The more i use it, the easier it gets to use. I’m not especially tech-savvy, and even I figured my way around pretty quickly.
相关	Able to connect with my meditation group!! Loved it 'purple_heart''purple_heart'
无关	So glad to be able to have online meetings and keep in touch without fear of spreading Coronavirus. Thanks so much
无关	Love this app just wish I could hear better? Any suggestions for muting people ? But adding music!
相关	Paid for a pro account after I had basic account and it’s still limits me to 30 min . I have paid receipt submitted work request and still nothing
相关	I tried to use this app for teaching a course. Unfortunately, while the interface is elegant, neat and simple to use, the video quality is great, but the audio gets garbled render this app completely useless as a communication tool.  Hope zoom improves, the concept is great, the execution is just not there.
相关	Really frustrating the iPad zoom appDoes not have clear instructions on how to set a virtual background they make it very difficult I’ve watched multiple YouTube videos and Still can’t blur background-I don’t have this problem with the iPhone app only the iPad I wish they would fix the settings
无关	Just shutdown due to CoVid-19. Used Zoom and class was smooth as silk! Much thanks to the folks at Zoom for making their application available and lifting the 40 minute limit. Your support has been Phenomenal!!! Parents, Happy! Teachers, Content! Administration, pleased! Students, Excited! Again, thank you!
相关	It’s ok but some times my screen goes black and the can never hear me so I might delete this app
无关	This is such a great communication tool. It’s easy to use and easy to explain to new users. It offers a variety of ways to access. New users are always impressed and eager to do another.
无关	I hate it
无关	Thank you so much for this app. It is super cool!
无关	This app has helped me maintain my sanity during these difficult times. As a trainer I need to stay engaged not only for myself but for my client&，39;s sanity. Wish I could afford to pay for the service so that our time isn&，39;t so limited, but it is what it is. I&，39;m thankful for the free service nonetheless.  Awesome app, user friendly, great stability.
相关	Need support for Apple Watch to notify of meetings.  Need to improve the floating bar when you share your screen, keep names and chat windows together.  
相关	Every app needs some improvements but this app is great for meetings! But it glitches, and sends a chat to a person I didn’t wanna send it to! My apologies for being rather rude, but please fix it! Overall though still get it while it lasts!
相关	I like the interface when on calls, but it’s hard to find recordings of past calls.
相关	Very difficult to activate, unless I get an invite. I have not been able to host meetings. I find it very frustrating!
无关	I was able to do this with my limited technology skills.  I need it for school and the app made it very doable.
相关	I sign in, then it signs me out within 1 of signing in
相关	...goodbye Skype and WebEx and the bloated software installs. Zoom has been quite easy to use on all my devices and easy for others to get connected. This app is super easy to use without any training required on a users end, nor do viewers of your session need an account...they can just login and participate.
相关	I use Zoom a lot and I’m liking it so far but the thing is sometimes it crashes or stutters so I’m not sure lately if I like it as much as I did before
相关	Everything is horrible and it keeps telling me to sign in over and over again and it won’t let me get into it.
无关	Zoom is a great FaceTiming platform I love it seeing all the people on their from whatever I am doing and it’s great that I can set up meetings so whenever they are doing something I can do it on another date but the thing you possibly made my teacher want to do a zoom class so I hate you for that.
相关	It will not let me sign in. I put in my information, brings me to the home screen, but immediately sends me back to the log in screen. I need help :(
相关	Please fix issue with camera while on split view in a meeting. Unable to start camera. We need this this rush. Hope next update can fix this problem.
无关	This platform is allowing so much of what matters in my life to be possible in this time of national responsibility to decrease the spread of Covid，19 through shelter in place.  Business, social, and online fitness activities are still possible in a different but useful and important way. Thank you!
相关	It didn’t let me make an account now if you see this zoom let make an account and I’ll rate you higher
相关	Zoom keeps on loading and I’m unable to join a meeting during my office second it kicks me out
无关	So easy to use! I was a first time user, never heard of Zoom before. I downloaded the app, set up a video conference.... and just like that, we were up and running.
无关	So WONDERFUL for keeping your church family in fellowship 'double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector'
相关	It kicked me out in the middle of a group chat
相关	Love ZOOM!'thumbs_up_medium_skin_tone' However, it is extremely frustrating to wait to be que’d into a meeting because the meeting administrator is not aware of your presence in the que. in fact, the longest I have had to wait to be admitted into a meeting was about 15-20 minutes; a rather long time not to be able to participate - let alone, LISTEN, to what is being discussed. I would like to contribute the idea of perhaps adding an indicator ‘bell’ and/or a recorded voice alerting someone’s presence - only visible/audible to the meeting host/assistant host, of course - so that meeting participants can be immediately acknowledged and allowed entry (or not'thinking_face').  If you could add such a feature, I am sure your customers would be most appreciative!  Thank You!
相关	I tried to find the delete option for a test meeting that a created, for a little bit more than 10 min. and I never find it. I went to search in google and it took me to the help center. It just give me some options that I didn&，39;t find on my iPad.
无关	It MAKES uS NEED TO LEARN STILL
相关	Hi, when using on my iPad Pro, I have consistently encountered a problem where as a cohost, once I admit all participants, change a few names, and mute/unmute, I am not able to tap out of he participants pane. This is unfortunate because I am stuck only able to perform my cohost duties, but not able to swipe through participants and see everyone’s video. Please fix!! Love the app, this has saved our meeting together, but it’s a huge frustration for me as a user.
相关	The calls are very laggy and choppy. Can’t always hear everybody.
相关	I think there should be a feature where you can “private talk” but whatever 'face_with_tears_of_joy'
相关	Zoom is an AMAZING app and right now during the pandemic it helps kids to do school but online! Zoom can also help me see my family when I can’t be there with them. Even if the pandemic that’s going on in the world.  I would still use this amazing app. I have some recommendations for this app. I think when the teacher parent tutor  etc, is sharing they should have something that can disable kids from writing on the screen. I think it’s kind of annoying that they can do that. The next recommendation I have is there should be a button that can say whether or not there can  can be a co-host. I was doing a class and my teacher couldn’t sign a cohost he tapped on the person he wanted to sign cohost but it didn’t have that option. I soon did a zoom with my friends because Snapchat wasn’t working etc. I wanted to make one of my friends cohosts but I also didn’t have that option. Those are some things that I think zoom should fix, but other than that I love this app and recommend it to you! Have good day, thanks for reading!
无关	bad app  
无关	bad quality not good and laggy
相关	I have trouble enter zoom. I also want to know how I can make different view on screen?
无关	It’s frickin bad
无关	This is extremely helpful for school because they are shutting down. Darn you coronavirus
相关	&，39;This zoom has problem freeze &amp; double cloud,  not clear picture p, I am so fraustated.  I need upgrade &amp; good clear picture. Understand, what do or how do I pay ， yearly or monthly??  Do not try advantage or swindle me
相关	It drains my battery so fast
无关	I cant change the background in a video call and im giving it one star so the app gets shut down so i dont have to do online classes
相关	This app is Ill get to the point bad. I attend school myself and its just a nightmare. I tried resetting my password and kept sending emails and i only got one email. I click it and change the password and i try logging in and its wrong. I made a new account with a new password. I tried logging in then and there and it said wrong password. Like i just made the account'face_with_tears_of_joy''face_with_tears_of_joy' and when i made the new account and got in i couldn&，39;t even join my teacher’s meeting. Fix it.
相关	My sister has fun zoom filters on her laptop. I have an iPad and can’t seem to find those. And my zoom is updated. Where can I find those? Thank you.
无关	Very complicated hate it
相关	This overall is good, but it would be really helpful to be able to adjust where the other zoom participants photos show up. On the desktop version you can move them around so they are out of the way when you are screen sharing. This would be a great feature. Also, if would be very user friendly to have another way to share your screen instead of doing a screen record from your control panel.  Thanks!
无关	This is the best thing I ever had it&，39;s better than FaceTime with more than one person or maybe even more than 234-5678 910 who knows maybe even hold 100 people or pets
无关	I could not here and I had to go through so much to get help.
无关	'woman_facepalming_light_skin_tone''woman_facepalming_light_skin_tone''woman_facepalming_light_skin_tone'
相关	I have my App Store app set to automatically update apps as updates become available.   All my other apps automatically update as they should.  NOT Zoom.  The App Store has shown the new version (5.03) as available for over 24 hours.  Other apps of mine updated automatically both today and yesterday as expected. Yet my Zoom is still 5.02.  Zoom also doesn’t show up in the list of updates available for your phone but not yet downloaded.  I’ve seen this with previous versions.  Zoom has had many security problems; updates patch holes as they’re uncovered.  MANUAL UPDATES: search for Zoom in the App Store. Pull up the page for this app. If an update is available, it’ll show up here and you can click on “Update”  DON’T GO ZOOMING WITHOUT YOUR UPDATE!!!
相关	I can’t make an account and I dunno why
无关	Inexcusable data sharing with Facebook every time the app is opened for an Enterprise/payed subscription application....
无关	I continue to be impressed with the quality of this platform.  I just completed a 1 1/2 hour conversation with a dozen people, as if we were sitting together in the same room.
无关	Its better than google meet
无关	Quick install and easy. Have used it before only on a pc. This is my first iPad use of the product. Worked well and is a no hassle install
相关	This app is great and all, but on the phone version it’s really weird. My name goes invisible and since I’m using this for school, I get put in the waiting room and I don’t get put back in. Not sure what makes this happen but the name goes invisible. And if you have it so your mic and video are off when you go to the participants tab it shows that you are using your camera even if it’s off.
无关	The app is absolutely amazing. Thank you !
相关	It doesn’t let me go to my class because there is an error code 300, that happens every time I get on. Thanks zoom for the F-
相关	App is great but it would be better if you could stream video using AirPlay.
无关	stupid
无关	Zoom zoom
无关	This interface has been a bit of a life saver especially now with the implementation of the password for a more secure line.
相关	Zoom you should let chrome books to have a virtual background most student what to change there background but they can’t Bc most student use chrome book I won’t change my rating until you let chrome book have a virtual background
相关	I think Zoom is pretty good except that it has a time limit for 3+ people. Cause I was having a meeting and the time limit went off and our meeting was incomplete
无关	I have two sister in their 70s. They are not techie. And they used it successfully.
无关	I think zoom is great doing this time with the coronvirus because we can not visit family members. We can see family members and talk to them with ZOOM and be safe and away from crowds at the same time.  Love it !!
相关	Hi, it would be great to have a better interface for using the microphone. I typically use zoom on my phone on the go, which means I need it muted by default, but then it’s really hard to unmute myself quickly especially now that call controls aren’t on the Lock Screen in the latest version of iOS on my iPhone 12 mini. Have a sticky microphone button where I could press and hold to talk that sits on top of screen sharing would be amazing. Driving mode isn’t great because I have to switch back and forth from screen share to this for easier unmute. Please come up with something!
相关	Zoom is horrible at knowing how to keep your data private. They do not what so ever keep your data safe and treat it like it’s nothing.
相关	Works wonderfully. The 'share desktop' and 'give mouse' features are nice as well.  An overall great meeting/conference app.  The basic version gives you 30 minutes for your meeting and then 10 minutes to wrap things up.  I bought the year subscription just because our conferences were longer.  It was worth it...
相关	I put in my birthday, and it said I’m not eligible for signing into zoom. I think zoom should change this. Thanks......
无关	I love this app but when you have a big group of people it glitches  Very useful please fix this
相关	Lots of basic functionality is missing, like hiding controls in landscape mode. So 30% of the screen is always covered.  Global settings to hide have no effect.
无关	Take em down boys.
无关	Zoom is hands down the best tool on the market for video meetings. Even my family has grown to love Zoom. Instead of FaceTime, we get everyone on a Zoom call.
无关	It’s a pleasure to see friends and talk issues that are happening around the United States. Zoom is so easy!  My friends are 70s plus.  Thank you Zoom!
相关	Can’t join a meeting after putting the correct password still says incorrect
相关	You can schedule a meeting but when it come to viewing the meeting it has a not stop refresh going on. You need to fix this app.
无关	Thank you so Zoom. It’s awesome
相关	I don’t like how it can only have a certain number of people and the host can mute others
相关	It’s pretty good. Some nice features that other apps don’t have.  I have to say though, they make it WAY to complicated and difficult to change things like your NAME and BACKGROUND! This is a no brainer. And the instruction online for how to do it are different depending on what platform you are using... MAKE IT UNIVERSAL!  Why isn’t there an offline, not in a meeting option, to configure everything about your profile. This should be very simple. The fact that there are so many threads online trying to explain how to do this for people is evidence that they really messed this up.  Tip for Devs. OFFLINE: setting&gt; profile&gt; name, background, filter, etc... EVERYTHING YOU WOULD POSSIBLY WANT TO SET UP.   It’s always so disappointing when things this obvious and simple are made to be such a headache.
无关	It’s lit
相关	Why has this not been fixed. I use my iPad Pro for my online classes. And I have used apps that use the video conferencing and still captures your video while leaving the app. Apple’s FaceTime App is one of the few apps that allows users to use the camera while leaving the app and doing other work. Why can’t Zoom do this?
相关	There must be a high demand for SMS code messages, because I’m not getting any to connect my contacts.  Would love to give this app a good review, but I can’t even connect my contacts.  
无关	So yeah  
无关	Takes data without telling us
相关	This app doesn’t let me join my meetings, it logged me out of my account and now I can’t log back in.
相关	Zone just glitches on me you were just like make me leave the meeting without me doing anything it’s just annoying and it’s just horrible just don’t download it at horrible storm just don’t don’t don’t don’t don’t don’t
无关	I use zoom to video conference with students and faculty in my university. Now in COVID 19 days I’m using it to connect with church friends and family members. Awesome tool!
相关	it is impossible to have a class on this app  the audio is always cutting out and teachers can’t help students significantly due to an overwhelming amount of students with questions about the lesson the app itself is making everything harder
相关	Would really love to see support of split screen for iPad OS. Trying to take notes in a floating window on my iPad while my professor shares his screen is really challenging. Otherwise love it function of the app so far.
无关	I have been a loyal Zoom user for 2 years. I have always loved how easy it is to use for novices. My appreciation for Zoom has quadrupled over the past two weeks. With the physical isolation associated with CoVid-19, Zoom has become essential as a work tool and as a way to connect family and friends. The whole world is using and relying on Zoom to deliver flawlessly, every day. Thank you for delivering on your promise. You are saving lives and contributing to the productivity of America during this very difficult time.  Thank you!
无关	Allows us to enjoy while we’re in our houses.
相关	I really love this app, would have given it a 5 star if the host and co host had the feature to raise their hands. i believe that this would be a good feature to add to this app.
无关	This app is really glitchy, and can not work properly.
无关	It steals you’re information and they can turn your camera on whenever.
相关	Adding new contact is not easy. I can only add new contact by adding their email. Why can’t add it by phone number?!  After the hassle adding a few contacts, suddenly I lost all contacts from my contacts list. Why?!  
相关	Hello, I have online classes using Zoom, and I’ve been experiencing a pretty annoying issue that’s actually affecting my grades too. I’m always marked late because whenever I try to join a meeting, it says “Please wait for the host of the meeting” or something along those lines, despite the fact that it started already. I’m just not sure whether this is a personal issue or not, but I was wondering if there was any solution or way to prevent it again.
相关	I can’t even sign in my account to attend school you guys security system are dumb
相关	This application has huge potential, and is very well executed. It's a business application, but you get connected instantly with colleagues and co workers. Think of it like FaceTime but professionally done. You can screen share, voice share, video share with multiple people at ease, and even record your sessions via your computer. You can do a lot more than just that, and I'm still discovering everything. I'm looking forward to diving into this application. Good job Zoom.
无关	You seriously can’t have a profile without a profile picture if you have your account linked with Google? Even if you delete it it will keep popping up. What a shame
相关	Hello!, So I have been trying to play a movie for my friends by screen sharing and the screen turns up black I really don’t want that happeing! Please fix this!
无关	Great to be able to connect with loved ones
相关	Zoom screen sharing stops while I am multitasking on iPadOS 14. This was not the problem in ipasos13. Please consider fixing this issue
无关	Zoom has allowed huge numbers of people to communicate together! We are all getting things done in a new time. I acknowledge Zoom&，39;s creators for their brilliance!
相关	I wish you can share screen while the other person is so it’s putting your scrren on his
无关	No
无关	Was absolutely what we needed to clear our heads and feel better mentally.
相关	Every time I go to start or join a meeting it crashes and doesn’t let me in another thing is it sometimes doesn’t let me screen share 'pouting_face'
相关	I’m getting used to the app and I don’t always see the same features available like raise your hand and things like that. so I would like for those teachers to always be available and clear on what they mean. Thank you
无关	So fun
相关	It’s way to laggy and just when you think it’s done glitching it kicks you at of class at random points causing me to miss attendance! Dope
相关	Here is the scenario: I was on by Bluetooth headset when I downloaded and connected to a conference. The UI popped up a screen which says "tap here to speak". The most obvious observation at this point was I'm muted in the confer nice and no one is listening to me. So I tapped it and said whatever I need to speak and again untapped to get back to be mute. In the mean time while others were speaking  I went to rest room, did my job and the conference went on. After the conference was over some guys called me over and told me laughing about what had happened.   Only if I had known what on earth that button was for?
无关	Learning and getting the hang of it .Great for group chats ,meetings ,and gatherings .
无关	Doesn’t work I don’t recommend it  
相关	My account was blocked during the process of setting it up...
无关	Whhyyyyyyyy
相关	Please let me do split screen with another app while on a call!!!!!!
无关	I hate school
无关	We have been in contract negotiations with our hospital for over a year. We are battling for our corporation to take proper care of their employees financially and in safety. This Zoom App has been fabulous for continued meetings and chat forums. Thx
相关	THE SOUND CRACKLES EVERYTIME WE SPEAK EVERBODY HAS CHANGED MICS AND COMPUTERS AND ITS STILL THE SAME!! IM VERY DISAPPOINTED
无关	I love zoom because I can chat with my friends and chat with my teachers and we can do activity’s together'beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''smiling_face_with_heart-eyes''red_heart_selector'
相关	Good response with user friendly touch screen.  No instructions but experimenting provides answers without penalty of exit of search.  This comment from a dumb user - Zoom is fairly intuitive.
无关	We LOVE it! Thank you Zoom 'oncoming_fist_medium_skin_tone''red_heart_selector'
无关	Kickass. I’d like to work for zoom
相关	I LOVE this venue but have some problems. I don’t receive a thank you for booking email so the host has to send a link by text. And I can’t figure out how to join video so at beginning and end of session, I have to toggle between viewing and speaking.
无关	Steals info
相关	Zoom changed the passcode to my SCHEDULED meeting when I scheduled a separate meeting at a later time.  Thanks for sucking
相关	Zoom appears not to want users.  I’ve tried to sign up a number of time from my phone.  They never sent me the “confirmation email”. So the. I tried using their webpage. Same problem - after a number of “successful” account creations I never get a confirmation email back.   No idea why this is so hard.  
相关	Does not work when switching from bluetooth to speaker. Need to have it automatically switch to main speaker (not top). Also, it causes my phone to crash constantly. Also, app no longer works.  
相关	Our meeting was hacked. They started saying very impolite things about US and making threats that they would be bombing us. Please lock down your meetings so do not get hacked.
相关	Please let me search new contacts for me to chat to my friends ON IPAD!!!
相关	it unmuted me at the wrong time
无关	Since the Covid-19 is around I have been using this app to do school and it’s great I get to see my friends and yeah. It provides you with settings so you know what you can or can’t do and I love the chat. I can chat with people privately without speaking to them on the screen. So yeah it’s a great app.   Sincerely, Bri Bri
无关	Bad app would give 0 but not an option
相关	Great meeting App. Only criticism is that a time clock or two minute warning should be offered to allow wrap-up comments to be made
相关	Whether one is a Host or a Participant, it seems at first, many have difficulty finding the correct settings. Persevere to achieve the superior audio and visual call quality Zoom produces. Familiarize yourself with your display screen and the seemingly, “rocket science” of organized choices, buttons, and icons to choose from in the menu’s and settings. Following that, it’s really about the Host and how well they manage the group’s session. Try it, you’ll like it.
无关	In this time of this generation’s first major pandemic, we seem to be disconnected from our lives. This program helps to lessen feelings of disconnect between us and our old norm. Kudos to the developer!!!
无关	Ur gay
无关	Lo mejor!!!!!!
无关	Best in class video conference.  Even in low Bandwidth Cell phone situations.  Great for work and Family.  After all they have a free entry level for the family.  Amazing service and App.
相关	Gives error message for signing up even if you’re older 18 yrs old
相关	Why is the chat no longer available in the zoom app it makes me very sad and me and my friends are no longer aloud to zoom each other. Every time it says (sorry must switch account in order to call this person). I live AZ USA 'United_States' and I am moving all the way up to Oregon state, to live with my cousins who are all older then me and I was dependent on zoom to be able to contact my friends from Oregon. One morning we where zoom with each other and then boom 'collision' 'exploding_head' we could no longer chat-( the chat in the app)and could no longer call. In these COVID-19 times me and my friends are not allowed to see each other. So that for a little bit we could call and chat it ment a lot to us and will u plz change it back.  Plz read and help!!!         Love Tess 10 yr old girl in Az
无关	I’m new at this but it’s something I will be using much more In the future.
无关	It’s the perfect place to meet via video &amp; audio
相关	Works great, very useful for communicating between small groups. The fifth person gets regulated to the next screen which is strange but we can still here them
无关	We love it to stay connected in our time of quarantine.
相关	I had a conference call and it wouldn’t let me into the conference on video.
相关	So ZOOM is amazing and has so many cool features! But sometimes it will kick me off of my meeting or glitch bad otherwise it’s a great way to communicate with friends and family!!
相关	With IOS 13 update, I have difficulty switching between audio devices (phone, headphones, car). I am prompted whether to switch (which didn’t use to happen), and have had calls with lost audio when I try to switch.
无关	The meeting internet is good. But the ID thing is dumb
相关	zoom has been stealing my data and sharing it with Facebook and turning on my camera whenever the hell it feels like it without my consent
相关	The volume does not go high enough. When you’re hard of hearing you need more volume.
无关	It is such a relief to interact with colleagues face to face after. staying in place to work. Afriye
无关	It’s a prefect way for  communication with online classes or just for fun I highly recommend this app!
相关	Too many host settings scattered around. Such as muting everyone, video settings, audio settings, invite to room. Needs some adjustments!
无关	Could not figure out how to show more people on first screen. Wanted to move myself to second screen. Could not figure out how to show just active speaker. Is there help available. Meeting Settings did not help much.
无关	good
相关	I just don’t like it it’s sways so blurry and it keeps freezing and I can’t even hear what people are saying and when I try to press the mute button it doesn’t work!! Disgusting
无关	Stop selling our information and stealing our information weirdos.  
相关	I was trying to download it on my iPad but didn’t work so what’s going on it didn’t work on my iPad why doesn’t it work
无关	Not working
相关	It is okay but it could be better. I wish it wouldn’t glitch because when I’m in online stuff on zoom it glitches and I can’t hear. It is really annoying and I think the creators of zoom could do better
相关	Please bring back  ，raised blue hand as an option ，raised hand/ lower hand, button on the bottom of the participant list.   Its easier Thank you
无关	I have read that zoom shares its information with Facebook and can actually turn the camera on whenever it wants to. Zoom works for the bourgeoisie. Jk. But zoom is creepy.
无关	Zoom is great and is saving my butt to be able to graduate on time. Also we all should of investing in zoom before schools got shut down. COVID-19 has probably been the best thing that’s happened to this company.
相关	Whenever I am doing something on zoom even though I have five bars it keeps glitching I can never finish a zoom call without more than five interruptions
无关	they share your data with facebook. DO NOT GET THIS APP.  
无关	Corrupt  
相关	Hi. All I have to say is that the app is good, but the moment I go to another app, it doesn’t let me do anything. It just says Zoom enabled. And I don’t care about that, but it happens all the time. So it’s disturbing. So good 'thumbs_up', and bad 'thumbs_down'. All I have to say. But otherwise it’s very good.
无关	What an awesome tool to keep friends and family in touch during this tragic time.  Thank you, Zoom!
无关	With zoom  I can talk to my teacher and friends
无关	Old college friends getting together during the “Grand Isolation.” Such a gift from Zoom allowing us to use it free of charge during this difficult time.
无关	Wish the iPad version had the same features as the Computer version.
无关	Zoom: It’s a most valuable app that I ever used and it’s worth it. Must try it!!!
相关	All instructions and guides say there is a gallery view that you can use to view multiple participants but this is a lie.  I cannot find such an option on my Iphone with the updated app anywhere.  Swipe left nope, swipe right nope, click upper left nope, click upper right nope, click arrow nope no arrow to click, go to settings nope no gallery option in settings, it doesn’t exist, what would be the most useful feature of all the people you are meeting with.  Liars didn’t bother to include gallery view but they claim they did.  Pathetic.
无关	This app is so easy to use, I started using this app after the covid 19 started happening because my dance classes were canceled and we had to do them online. It is so fun to be able to still be in touch with people but not get sick. It’s really easy to join In to the calls you just have to put in a few numbers and join!!!
相关	I gotta say, back end customer support is extremely lacking. I’ve sent in multiple trouble reports and have never gotten any response back. The app works great, if you can login to a meeting.
相关	The app worked for a week or two, then stopped permitting me to schedule and invite people to a meeting. i was told to delete the app and download it again. I did that - and it worked for a short time and did the same thing - I cannot now schedule and invite people to a meeting - and I pay a monthly fee for this....
相关	It would not let me sign up
无关	'grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'just like se it 'frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''nerd_face'
相关	The app was truly innovative, and an awesome way for groups of friends, colleagues, and families to connect on a large scale video calling platform. What was the best part, in my personal opinion, what that mobile device users could launch personal music players such as iTunes and SoundCloud while connected to a zoom room meeting, and listen to their high quality music while video chatting. This feature has been eliminated with the latest update however, and now any audio files that are able to to play while in a meeting are drastically reduced in sound quality and volume level. Another major disappointment is the lack of the users ability to play their audio files to the room from a mobile device. I had high hopes for this platform. Apparently my optimism was not enough.
无关	I use zoom on my pc with the best graphics card and it still is such bad quality.
无关	My job uses this app for our meetings, does really well with the A/V.
相关	my teacher heard me while I was on mute !! 'loudly_crying_face'
无关	mac免费版有吗
无关	Horrible  
无关	Great app. First time user. Thanks!
相关	So I get the app and it doesn’t even let me make a account I’m still Guna give it 3 stars tho
无关	This app is stealing yore information pls don’t download
相关	ME AND MY FRIEND TRY TO ZOOM EVERYDAY AND YOU DUMB IDIOTS RUIN IT EVERYTIME IT EITHER KICKS HER OUT OR SAYS SOMETHING STUPID SO SHE CANT JOIN
无关	Excelente aplicación! Recomendada 100% Excelente no tener que registrarse para unirse a una reunión
相关	I’m in third grade and I was going to make a birthday meeting for my friends party but when I tried to make a account it was not letting me make my account for her birthday I’m 8 years old and her birthday is in 4 months but where celebrating early cuz she is moving to another state please fix the problem
无关	During this time of quarantine, it nice to see faces and visit with one another. Thanks for this timely app!  LB
相关	I do online classes and then keep on freezing up and I can’t hear hear then it speeds up. I CANT HEAR MY TEACHER. FIX IT CUZ I HAVE ONLINE CLASSES EVERY DAY. THIS IS ANNOYING. ZOOM MAKES IT HARD FOR ME TO PROCESS INFORMATION.  
无关	0/10
无关	The ap is not user friendly and could not   provide us with the focus we required for our book club !  Also the customer service is extremely poor and I have left a message 3 days ago and they have not returned it yet.  I first downloaded a Basic plan but found out that it only allows you 40 min so I paid for the upgrade which was in and out of itself a big process and time consuming! Then I scheduled our first meeting and I was booked on the Basic plan, by mistake , and it was a disaster.  Next Sunday I must have another meeting and I am waiting for customer service to call me  so I can return it and I am looking for a better teleconference ap.  
无关	J
相关	I keep trying to record my class ( for personal use) and the sound never records. Can not sign in.
无关	My school was supposed to be closed but because of this app online class will be held.
无关	Easier to use, more intuitive, cheaper, and less choppy!  I worked for 250M +  company and our entire company has transitioned over.
相关	Update: finally received 4 texts at 2:00am. (5 hour later. Tried again at 7:00am and instantly received text.       There must be a high demand for SMS code messages, because I’m not getting any to connect my contacts.  Would love to give this app a good review, but I can’t even connect my contacts.  
无关	No online school
相关	Need to reestablish the host ‘mute all’ and host ‘unmuting’.
无关	It has same as chinese
无关	Saving my work life during COVID.  A thousand thanks!
相关	It’s not letting me create an account for Zoom! Please help! It’s saying I’m not elegible for a zoom account. I’m so confused
相关	This application is good for talking with friends or classmates during the pandemic. But if you have signed in and don’t use it for a week or more, it signs you out! Also, zoom freezes up a lot and and it the persons voice is not clear and it cracks up a lot on this app. My teachers use it but it just isn’t a good quality app. I have tried better. I have also heard that this app can steal money off of your credit card and whatnot. And why do teacher assign zoom meeting at 8:30 in the morning? I wish that it is only open at 9:00 in the morning. I think that all of my classmates don’t like this app and neither do I. This app crashes and it takes FOREVER to load. And sometimes, when people are trying to get in, the host  can’t see who needs to be let in. This is one of the worst communication apps I’ve ever come across. If you have read all the way through this, you deserve a reward. I would advise different apps for communication.  Reward for you: 'trophy''1st_place_medal''military_medal'
相关	If I choose not to have Zoom have access to my camera then it needs to have an option to decline permanently. Do not keep prompting. It is a fine meeting application otherwise.  
相关	One suggestion, make it easier to save meetings so you don’t need to look up and enter the Id/password every time.
无关	This app is great for get togethers with friends....but make you pay attention to the security settings so you don’t get hacked by unwanted quests FYI. It’s easy to use and simple to set up.
无关	whoever likes this app is a teacher or a teacher’s pet. i give this a app big shrek pp
相关	I have updated my IPad to latest software. I have uninstalled and reinstalled zoom 6 times now to insure I get the latest software update. I however haven not been able to connect for the last month. There is no fix on the official support website and the technical support auto-bot is infuriating. Seems there are several people out there with the same issue and no fix.   Ring works fine so I don’t understand the issue. “Unknown Error, Unable to connect: Error 1132”
无关	I really like zoom but it is glitchy sometimes .I can not hear what people are saying but I think that zoom is great anyway .it is kind of glitchy on the virtual backgrounds.
无关	Garbage, hard 2 use
相关	This app won’t let me sign up it says that I’m eligible and I was born in 2000 what do I need to be 50 to use the app
相关	Zoom was good just that when on your phone you can’t see everyone at the same time . There should be a way where you can turn your phone and everyone can be seen whom your talking too.
相关	Shame on whoever made this app. It won’t let me join meetings after logging in. It logs me out every single time- I can’t join my meetings without logging in first.
相关	I&，39;m constantly getting kicked from meetings
无关	Bad boar not work
相关	People were hacking into accounts and they tracked down my location and my friends and classmates. I am currently doing fine and so are my friends. There are also bugs. My teacher didn’t want to mute me but it kept muting me for some reason and it also was shutting off my screen. My classmates had the same happen to them. Please fix the bugs.
相关	Won’t let me join a meeting with the iD and won’t let me sign up for some reason???
相关	My token has expired. I have been unable to use the account for over a month nor can I reach support. Attempts to upgrade to pro has also failed. I am only able to join meetings hosted by someone else.
相关	I really enjoy the fact that I can stay in contact with my long distance friends. But the picture freezing up, audio breaking up and regularly getting booted off are starting to make us consider Google Meets
相关	I can’t even get started with this. It won’t let me put in my birth date, so I get the error message that says I can’t sign up at this time!
相关	Here are the bugs that I found so far:  1. For some meeting, “Delete” options are gone. 2. Very poor supports for sso log in, especially you have an old account before. 3. Every time, you save an edit on your meeting, the url link is changed, even though your meeting id remains unchanged.
无关	send e mail code  
相关	Audio weakens the longer I am in a zoom meeting on my computer Slows down and drags out before shutting down completely Very frustrating
无关	lol see above
相关	On IPad Os it gives trouble When connecting to a meeting with password. Sometimes it connects and other times it gives incorrect password error.  Tried removing app, sign out, &amp; reinstalling and updating to latest version.   But works flawlessly on iPhone X and iPhone 8
相关	When the app is used for the first time, it didn’t mute actually but the app says it’s muted, which caused a lot of embarrassment. Please ensure that works
相关	It has become the most frustrating part of my day. Meeting with colleagues and sharing my screen or them sharing theirs sends Zoom into an unexpected halt. Yet it does not close at all. They or I have to re-share, which THEN kicks me from the meeting altogether, then Zoom restarts. Then I or they reshare again and 3rd time is usually but not always lucky. Damned annoying app that used to be good.
无关	Thanks for this open connection to allow meetings of many to learn & grow thru this service'heart_suit_selector''folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone'
无关	Zoom rating is excellent. Tom Brady
无关	I need to connections with my people in my groups.  This app has a clear picture and sound.  It is easy and reliable.   Quality of preference is excellent.  I truly grateful for the people who created this app.  Thank you so much. God bless you.
无关	Fantastic
相关	I wish you could chose the order that you see people in at the bottom of the screen (iPad), or that you could see everybody at once. Overall, pretty good and very useful!
无关	There’s nothing wrong with zoom but a lot of times apps like this have more features so there’s nothing wrong it just could better
无关	This app can open your camera any time they want and they take your data without your consent, they also sell your information to Facebook
无关	I’ve used many web conference apps.  This is a very simple and easy app to use.  One of the better tools out there. Very intuitive and valuable for that meetings where skills are not the same!
无关	This app trackes everything open in the background of your device then saves and shares it without your consent.
无关	It cool but it can be hard To Uses
相关	I was able to do split screen with my IPad Pro 11, but when I try to activate the camara in a meeting I get a message saying “unable to access camara. The video cannot be started under slide view mode”.  PLEASE PLEASE fix this issue. We need to access the camara during meetings. Thanks
相关	Didn’t let me get into my meeting and didn’t let me log up or sign in!
相关	Should get at least one original setup  it sounds easy but if you hit just one ck mark incorrectly it messes up all others ability to log in easily
无关	Tried to listen to a Zoom meeting at UCSF, but it was very frustrating as the audio kept cutting out for extended periods of time, so the meeting was a total waste!
相关	I had my meeting cut off but I don’t see where to upgrade to the paid version...  
相关	Sometimes the zoom is frozen, and the worst timing is when they talking the important part and the screen is frozen lol need to fix it.
相关	Why have the app remember only 10 recent meetings? By the time a week rolls around I’ve attended more than that and it’s already forgotten the recurring meeting from a week before.
无关	Y’all watch us through the screen whenever you please. Like TF.
相关	If I have my iPhone in hand, the app works as I would expect. The CarPlay interaction needs work. Ideally, I can view upcoming meetings in CarPlay and call into a meeting with one touch. Can you make this happen, please??
无关	During these trying times when we are asked to distance ourselves socially, it’s nice to have a platform where we can connect with our loved ones.  It’s easy to use and you can both see and hear the people you’re reaching out to.  I am so grateful for the ZOOM connection!  Thank you!
相关	It kept telling me that I am not eligible to sign up at this time. Why use it if you can’t sign up or if you even have to sign up. This app is trash.
无关	Terrible app  
无关	Muy buena aplicación para los usuarios la recomiendo mucho
无关	It’s so confusing and makes school work more harder when trying to communicate with people
相关	Every time I use zoom my teacher gives me the code and pass and it never works I can’t get in every single time I try to get in it doesn’t work
相关	I have tried several other teleconferencing apps as a way to keep my Bible Study group connected on Sunday mornings during the COVID-19 outbreak.  Zoom is the easiest and most powerful app for bringing people together and helping them to stay connected as a group.  The user interface is easy to use and intuitive.  The video quality is excellent in spite of the fact that we have supported teleconferencing with over 30 users!!  The visual indicator is wildly helpful in focusing me on the person speaking.  This app really does zoom.  I have already begun telling my friends.
相关	I can’t use the background thing
相关	So I downloaded it and put in my info but I didn’t chose a password. And then to make it official I had to put in my password so I can’t say it’s good or bad but it’s stupid to sign up.
无关	Short learning curve. Relatively simple for the basic stuff.
无关	I updated for a pro account almost a month ago, they charged me and to this day my account still shows as basic and they got my money. I contacted support several times and NEVER received an answer. Because of this I don’t recommend this to anyone.
无关	Zoom is a great way to speak to a group and get great feedback. I will recommend this app to everyone who is a business owner.
无关	The Covid-19 pandemic has tanked my house call based tech training and support biz. I have just discovered ZOOM and am exploring reaching out to my older (70+) clients to set up conference video calls and also to be able to remotely control their computers with their permission. A godsend for them and for my business!
无关	It’s amazing I love it
无关	This application seems simple to use when in reality is used by a group of hackers that introduce scrips to your user interface giving up your administrative rights within your system and soon your computer iPhone iPad etc will become just a slave drive and watching how your files are stolen passwords changed and administrative rights used and abused by strangers.  Stay off this app if you don't want to lose all you invested in your computer systems. It's a bad idea!
相关	Audio and video had lots of interference and noise. Tried to use zoom in an interview and it was nearly unusable. Zoom needs to work on their user experience.  Not suitable for classes or business purposes  
相关	So this app is great very useful and has a hand full of great features but for what ever reason recently it has not been “connecting” which is super lame because I’ve checked it isn’t my device or WiFi or anything like that. I don’t know what’s up and it’s rather confusing. What I have noticed is I can uninstall the app and reinstall it and is works, that is until I open another app I’m really confused and don’t know if there’s anything I can do :/
相关	Great fast working application that is great for conference video calls
相关	I wish it was easier to record and store sessions. I wish it was easier to edit video and I wish there wasn’t a delay when singing with others.
无关	Zoom is awesome! It’s easy to use set up and conducive to my meetings. I highly recommend Zoom to anyone whether in business or life coaching. Zoom has everything! See you there ... let’s keep soaring
无关	Thank goodness for this due to a broken foot I couldn’t be a part of class but with Zoom I was able to experience my classroom like I was there
无关	Zooms privacy policy is not public at all and has been known to sell your data to Facebook. It’s also accesses you camera without your phone on and pulls any data it can get from open apps on your phone. If you were to ignore that’s this app is spying on you, Zoom using tour camera while it’s off can also shorten batterie life and make you phone slower. Zoom on your computer can also have zoom spy on you. It always has access to your phone webcam and will take data from any pen tabs there are, this can include your bank account, email, work, and personal data. Then Facebook buys it and can use it for any and all purposes. Lastly if you are using this app for online school you can tell your teacher that you wish to stop using zoom and use this argument to explain why. If you need prof there are many articles on zooms dishonest tactics. Then ask you teacher for a new form of online school.
无关	Watch out for the hackers.
无关	Young startup. Use it for many external conference calls when we initiate. Works flawlessly. Mostly use just audio.
无关	Our religious community was not able to meet in person April 2020. We used Zoom, and even those of us that are not as confident with technology were able to use the platform. Thank you for helping our group!  We were confused by the times and packages and we are not sure if we will be able to continue with Zoom, or go to some other way to physically distance.
相关	It was a horrible time signing in so what happened was I would sign in with the password it gave me and I would put it in and it said the the password was incorrect so I do not like the app what so ever
相关	Many of us take notes digitally - either by typing into a word document or handwritten using a stylus. Zoom doesn’t allow us to use iPad’s spit screen capabilities.  This forces us to use more than one device to watch online lecture broadcasts and take notes (if we have another, that is).  I would uninstall this in a heartbeat if it weren’t for my class/university using Zoom as a primary medium. It is a shame! There are better alternative programs out there. They had to pick one that is missing basic features.  Split-screen was implemented on iPad devices years ago. Zoom is the only app on my device that won’t allow it.. Appalling.  Furthermore, the volume controls are horrible. I set output volume to the LOWEST possible setting, and it is still ear-splittingly loud.
无关	Wonderful!  I visited with family during this historically difficult time by zoom, my heart is lighter, what a gift!   It was like being in my brother’s house.  Easy to use. Zoom is truly great!
无关	They steal your info they even have a whole article on it
无关	Good for on the go moving but needs to double check that their making sure people that sign in stay signed in
无关	this is disgusting.
无关	it used to be able to turn on your camera when ever and now there sharing your data  to facebook also they can take data from any other tab
相关	This is so confusing 'pouting_face''exploding_head' I want to change my backgrounds but no choice todo so on my iPad. People come for a mgt and it says after the first person is in mgt in progress and they can’t get in'hot_face''flushed_face''face_with_steam_from_nose'this should say join mgt in progress if they were on the invite list. Not the host job after mgt starts as it’s interrupts the host who is all ready speaking...why not inter grade pages....
相关	I recently started to use this app because of the coronavirus as most people are doing right now but when I turn on the camera sometimes the screen is black and have to log out and log back in which then gets my teacher asking why and I don’t really like that the teacher can unmute you because what if they unmute you at the wrong the time at the wrong moment also this app takes your information which that is not alright
无关	With everything going on in the word and being Quarantine to our houses, they have not been letting us go to church. This app has gave us the ability to come together and still have our bible studies and stay close to God. I love it and very happy.
无关	This app is very laggy
相关	Zoom is not fully accessible for disabled users. If a meeting is scheduled to be hosted using a basic account, no phone number is provided and therefore, disabled users who may be blind or cannot use or fully access digital forms of technology may simply need a phone number to call instead. I am sharing this on behalf of users who cannot access some Zoom meetings. According to accessibility laws, it would be helpful for Zoom to allow this function for basic accounts. Thank you for reading.
相关	I have a meeting I have went to for over a year and now I can’t get in under my account! I have to sign in as a guest... It only is for this one meeting! I can get into others. This has been going on from weeks and apparently you can’t fix the problem!! The meeting ID is 180941258 and the pass is 782203   Please look into this!!! Good grief!!! It won’t even let me leave this review
无关	This is the worst app especially for online school during the coronavirus
无关	Excellent
相关	For two weeks in a row I have had the correct password and it doesn’t work
无关	This app is horrible on older devices
相关	Zoom is laggy and keeps randomly shutting down.  
无关	It’s crap it doesn’t work
无关	I have no school because of corona and I don’t want to FaceTime my class because it creepy and I don’t like my teachers. I hate zoom. I hate school.
相关	为什么注册不了账户？即使有tom邮箱也登陆不了。PC版我也试了，没用！ 求解决方法！
相关	When using the app on the IPhone 6 plus none of the screens pan or display correctly. You can't see others in the chat and the display gets all crazy almost completely disabling the video. Only the audio option works right.
相关	I appreciate this lightweight app. I’ve been able to use both the free and paid versions pretty effectively with individuals and groups with minimal issues. Integration with Google Suite has been smooth. Definitely better than Google Meet which is often glitchy and out of sync, causing me to ask people to repeat themselves. And its so easy to stream to Facebook and YouTube.   The only annoying thing I haven’t figured out is how to give people the right link so they can join a meeting with one click. The link produced by zoom prompts the user to download zoom, even when its already installed. I hope this becomes clearer within the invitation in the future. Other than that, just need to write down the meeting ID &amp; passcode and I’m in.  A note about EDI: Zoom needs to think about being more inclusive. I recently facilitated a meeting that was translated into 7 different languages, which were not included in Zoom’s options. Languages such as Arabic, Burmese, Karen, Swahili and others. Zoom should consider a write-in option, or some other flexible option so that other communities (that are not Chinese, German, French, etc.) can also use the interpretation feature. Imagine telling someone that, in order to hear the translation to Arabic, they should select “Chinese.” That’s so confusing!
相关	The virtual background feature on iPad is very useful, for I am not afraid to open my video in the washroom now :-)
无关	It is the most convenient app to study during this time.
相关	I’m usually a tech savvy person but can’t hear the meetings during playback on my iPhone..I can only hear about 2-3 secs while transitioning screens from control center back to the app but once it gets back in the app there is no sound during playback.. yes I’ve checked sound, microphone all of that  
相关	Eve through it’s on a screen doesn’t mean we can’t stop learning. But one problem is that I need to add a picture of myself for my class so I won’t have to turn on my video.
相关	Man I feel like Michael Scott in The Office where he has his intercom still on and he’s having a conversation with his doctor and everyone can hear him.   Here’s how it went down... I met online with my plant taxonomy class for about 4 meetings now and the whole time I thought I was muted because when I swipe left it says: “your mic is muted, hold to speak” and so I thought I was muted. But... little known to me was that I had a hot mic and everyone in the chat could hear me and only my mic was muted for the professor (at least there was that) and a guy in my class finally decided to say something about it just now!!! And I’ll just let you imagine what I was saying to have someone FINALLY tell me they could hear me all along... Who knows what I could have said in the previous lectures, I talk to myself all the time!! And let me remind you, it said I was muted!!! It didn’t say I was only muted to the professor! Like geez man, I think I went to the restroom one time and brought this with me so I could listen to the lecture while on the toilet!  Oh well, damage done. I won’t see any of those guys again, it’s not like we’ll have a graduation commencement anymore.   Hopefully the same story isn’t true for sharing my video or else stay tuned for an update..
无关	Everyone loves this app, do they know how their personal data is shared? Deleted.
相关	I know lots of people use this everyday but it just glitches so badly that I can’t even log in or join any meetings I always end up booted off the app.. I would like it if the app could let more people use it at once.
无关	So they shut school doors because of coronavirus,when I was joining my online class cloud meeting on iPad it never worked and it gave a black screen,but if I try it in pc it works perfectly fine so just fix the problem on iPad that’s all.
相关	Zoom is really good, just I can’t access a contact at all!!!'frowning_face_selector''thumbs_up_light_skin_tone''partying_face''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''face_screaming_in_fear''upside-down_face'
相关	I have tried repeatedly to contact customer service to get questions about my account and have had no success. While I understand COVID is a real thing, this company is one of the biggest profiteers from it—with a whole new set of paid accounts, the customer service should match. Other tech companies just let you sit on hold, which I’d be willing to do, to talk to someone. Instead, Zoom hangs up on you over and over again.  I have been a zoom user for a while, and find it a necessary and functional app—sadly the human part of it is very lacking and their online customer service bot can’t answer anything beyond what most anyone could find for themselves.  To add insult to injury, for a special nonprofit event we had contact with a Zoom rep who said they would help us make it happen. After a flurry of contact, nothing. Multiple emails and just no response. At least have the decency to respond and say you’re not willing to help. So disappointing. Costs them nothing, and would have meant the world to us.   These are times to go the extra mile—and while offering free limited service was really nice, what about helping your paying customers as well?  
相关	I Like Zoom. I like in meetings how students and teachers can share their screen and do virtual backgrounds. It’s good for school and just FaceTiming your loved ones. I recommend this app. It’s good for all sorts of things.
无关	Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral
无关	This is wonderful! Using technology to keep in touch. Fantastic!
无关	This app can track the open windows on your computer it’s also paired with Facebook and although this has since been fixed it used to just open your camera without you knowing whenever it wanted
相关	The view settings are difficult to maneuver and I wish there was a way to see more than 4 people at a time. Additionally, there is an option to clean up your appearance but no option to scrub background noise. If there was a setting that could scrub the white noise from your recording that would be great.
相关	My app glitches and when i press the mute button it unmutes me and the same with the camera i would not use this app.
无关	Great app
相关	Many of us take notes digitally - either by typing into a word document or handwritten using a stylus. Zoom doesn’t allow us to use iPad’s spit screen capabilities.  This forces us to use more than one device to watch online lecture broadcasts and take notes (if we have another, that is).  I would uninstall this in a heartbeat if it weren’t for my class/university using Zoom as a primary medium. It is a shame! There are better alternative programs out there. They had to pick one that is missing basic features.  Split-screen was implemented on iPad devices years ago. Zoom is the only app on my device that won’t allow it.. Appalling.
相关	I was hoping for an update, but it looks like 3 weeks since the last. I’ve been experiencing performance issues consistently on my iPhone X. The UI is extremely slow to respond, sometimes it appears to block the main thread and I’m getting crashes sometimes. The audio continues to work prior to the crash, which is nice, but I’m often unable to unmute when I need to speak due to the performance issues. I’ve tried restarting the device, but nothing seems to help.  
无关	So glad to have this app in this time of social distancing. It is nice to see others we are used to being with.
无关	Excelente aplicación!
相关	Everyone has a record feature but mine.
无关	This app is stealing data when they please form any open windows and is sharing all its information with Facebook!!! Stop using this app it’s stealing your information!!!!
无关	It totally changed my perspective about working online, and has given me a very rewarding experience. As an app it is easy to follow the instructions, and it has the best quality.
相关	I hope that you can add a “join this meeting”  to your contact because if you want to join someone’s meeting and you don’t know the ID or you don’t have the link what happens is that you can join it and it won’t be anything bad will happen because you have to be added as their contact to join and if you’re not then it won’t work I think that would be very useful and that’s about it that’s all my problems but another thing is actually I sometimes crash resume or a connect or when I connect it always says connecting and I I have to refresh the page to Open Zoom again until it says meet and chat. I hope you can fix that problem! thank you.
无关	We love this app
相关	Don’t know why this is but I could be on zoom on my android &amp; click it to cast on my smart TV, simple.  iPhone I can’t even get it to work after my first time.  Can’t just click a top corner of zoom meeting &amp; airplay it to my smart tv.  Maybe someone can make it an easier corner click to airplay like it could cast on the android.
相关	I’ve tried many times to add an Virtual Animated Background &amp; it doesn’t work. All it shows is just a still picture of the video. For those of us, whom do not have a computer, it would be nice to add this feature to App, so we can have more choices than using a dull, blurry picture.
相关	Works great on ipad
相关	its extremely laggy and the sound is terrible. every time my teacher tries to speak it comes out staticy and glitchy as hell. not to mention when my teacher shares their screen it comes out very laggy and is hard to keep up with.  i have to use this for the rest of the school year, so try to make this app more decent
相关	This app kept on kicking me out of meetings nonstop, and sometimes it won’t let me use my microphone or hear anyone. It often lags and kicks me out of the app. This is not worth the time. Use another format
相关	App requires you create an account, then will send you an email to activate. Except it never does, and tech support assumes fault is all on your end. Never mind TP Link, I can see where this is going - hours of my life wasted trying to get a crummy app/service to work. No thanks.
相关	Hate this stupid app.  I use it for work on my iPhone and no matter how many settings I change or tutorials I watch; when I click a work link it still says J’s iPhone and I have to change it manually each time in every meeting. Using this app is like showing up to an important business meeting on your skateboard wearing cargo shorts.
相关	I purchased a zoom monthly  license and there is no phone support.  The video tutorials don’t answer specific questions.
无关	Shame on you
相关	I usually attend zoominars using my IPad mini. The only problem I&，39;ve experienced so far is that the Safari browser will not play audio while a Zoom session is active. Note, the same is true for the Apple OS X app. This issue shouldn&，39;t effect most users because it&，39;s probably rare that a Zoom webinar attendee must participate in an active session while simultaneously viewing a film on a website.
无关	I am a WebEx user. I just started using this app, and so far so very good.  I find it very user-friendly.
相关	It won’t show the virtual backgrounds, the studio beta, and the video effects options on zoom when I use it on my iPhone 7.
相关	I submitted a ticket but never got a response.   I signed up for Zoom Pro plan ，15/mo recurring with NO ads ons like phone calls.   Why does my invitation code i copy and past show phone numbers for people to dial in on to listen and participate?
无关	Super easy to use, even for people who are not computer savvy.
无关	This app is a butt'thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone'
无关	I DON’T WANNA LEARN THIS IS A VERY BAD APP AND I REFUSE TO SIT ON A SCREEN FOREVER TO LEARN  
相关	Their  are some issues with sound. Echo if we can reduce that!!
无关	WITHOUT CONSENT
相关	Please need upgrades this zoom, thank you Thank you again,  tell me how to set up picture screen on zoom more clear not freeze? Why freeze? This questions sent few month.  Today April 25, Other comment is that I notice pictures on zoom very clear not freeze  &amp; not double when I move.   Please keep improve, thank you  Have you fixed this problems ??
相关	My vision is poor, and I have a hard time using it,  all the icons are way too small and the app is incredibly not user friendly on learning how to use. I have used it atleast 50 times, been shown where icons are and still have a hard time using it
无关	Thank you for connecting us. It takes away the loneliness.
相关	It says I’m not allowed to log in? Some error pops up, is my device banned? I don’t know what wrong doings I’ve committed, respond quick
无关	Zoom is the main way my business coach and I connect twice a week. Zoom has been very reliable.
相关	I had everything ready to go then tried to add my contacts from my phone. Zoom said it was sending a confirmation text to my number I listed and no text ever came. I tried 5 times, gave up and deleted this garbage app from me phone.
相关	I could not use the chat feature. Hard to bring up anything but the video of whoever was talking.
无关	Love this app I will give a five star but one at a time thank you  
无关	Cannot get signed up. Worst app ever
相关	Apparently Zoom sends info to Facebook secretly. Sneaky and underhanded. Deleting your sneaky app!   RECOMMENDATION TO ZOOM: get some integrity!  
无关	Good way to have meetings and also a good way to visit with friends and family
无关	This app is very buggy and hard to talk to groups. Unless everyone is muted, there is a very annoying echo and glitches
相关	Works great on my I phone XR, & I pad as long as I’m on a string WiFi hotspot.  Unfortunately on PC have a some lag issues and a-lot of inconsistencies Occurring. Poor signal quality.
无关	aAMAZInHGGGgGgggG
无关	This is horrible and teachers should NEVER use this app
无关	So helpful during this difficult time in A.A.
无关	and this app
无关	Very very awesome to be able to participate in a meeting of this caliber with participation from around the country!
无关	yeah it’s corona time
无关	Zoom is a awful app it is very glitchy and you can’t do anything.
无关	If everyone that sees this votes 1 star it will be tacken off the apple play store
无关	This app is my favorite while learning online from my teacher. You might hear it is bad but it is awesome especially for kids like me if you are learning. I am writing this because I advise you all to purchase this app if you are an adult or a child. The AUDIO is amazing and I can hear my teacher fine. My dad uses it too when he hosts calls for his team. Once again this app is AWESOME. People out there that are still using FaceTime need this app. Thank you for reading. This is by Chase Brower. I am 11.
相关	When I try to sign in it won’t let me idk why it won’t let me
无关	Great option during these trying times.
无关	Zoom is a solid organizing and social tool for virtual meetings or fun gatherings.
相关	I have tried out most video conferencing apps on the iPad and Zoom works the best hands down. I have a Pro account which is the very reasonable price of ，9.99/mo. The video and audio quality are great. The user interface is very easy to navigate. And most importantly, it is easy to invite others to the video conference and get them to connect quickly, even if they don't yet have the app or software installed.  And, they don't need to register or create an account to join the meeting.  The screen sharing works great.  The saved meetings make it very easy to connect into meeting rooms.  I usually connect to at least 5 Zoom meetings per day and am on for at least 4 hours per day. Thanks Zoom team for creating a truly great product!
相关	I used Zoom every day. It's high quality video and fluency audio impress me deeply. It’s makes my work more efficiency.  One point need to improve: I need an option to clear cache on my iPad. Thank you very much. It’s a great App for us.
无关	Try it.
无关	Or maybe I just forgot how to use i  
相关	My friend can’t join the meeting. She is typing the the correct passcode and it won’t work! Please fix this
相关	It won’t even let me make an account it says I have to put in a date on birth but no matter which one I pick it says i still can’t sign up
相关	The app is very much needed especially during the pandemic, it is highly appreciated and a huge welcome.  So far only flaw i can find with it is that every time Siri turns on it exits the zoom call which for most may not be a problem, but unfortunately i need headphones to hear properly and yes my headphones are the cause for Siri randomly turning on and no i can&，39;t get new ones 'downcast_face_with_sweat'. Nonetheless the app is amazing and very helpful so thanks again for making the app and keeping it in tip top shape.
相关	I Love it! But my friend has a problem on her computer we’re she can’t do vb. I wish you could do gifs as backgrounds! Please make that an update! Fine app in all. It glitches a ton and boots me out of the meeting which is annoying. But ok app in all.
相关	thanks. Too many hassles with al these access codes and passwords and signing up and signing in ....
相关	Great times with many people all over the world. Which the meetings would be longer for free members but you can always reopen the room after is close
相关	The quality is terrible, for the video and audio the video no matter what device is glitchy and the audio cuts out randomly. I just don’t like it one bit.
无关	This is my first time using zoom and I am truly amazed with sound quality and video. I’m right now using zoom as a student. All of my teacher&，39;s are using zoom for online classes because of cornavirus.
无关	If you took in the terms and conditions, it says it can take any data it wants
相关	I can’t sign up
无关	What an excellent tool!
无关	Great experience, easy to learn, widely accepted.  I highly recommend the app.
无关	Sometimes the app and when you call it just doesn’t work and sometimes I call again and it still doesn’t work
无关	This app is awesome. A great way to meet with employees, and family members. A must have app
无关	the will steal info and data
相关	The 1st time I used this it took my friends and I about 10 minutes trying to figure why it wouldn’t connect, but the 2nd time was just awful. Every time I opened the app to put in the meeting pin it would take me to a screen the just says ‘waiting’ I waited for 5 minutes just for it to tell me I was offline when in fact I had all 4 bars
相关	this app causes audio in other apps to be low.. even if i join a meeting and do not connect to audio, it still causes the audio on other apps, like instagram, to be low until i close zoom completely  
相关	However, while using my iPhone I am only able to see a maximum of 4 people even though there are more participants in meetings.
无关	This app solved my email two 60 different emails and sold my debit card to someone and I had to close it please do not use
相关	Cannot control volume. While on speaker mode, cannot adjust volume at all. The mute option just shifts the volume from phone speaker to non speaker mode. [MUTE button useless.]   Video display issue: Header and footer bar cut into participant video displays, resulting in only seeing 2/3 of someone’s video.   Not an issue just complaint: Seeing only 4 people per page is a bit strange, but understandable.
相关	You can call out from your CarPlay unit, but you can’t join a conference. So instead you have to keep looking down to your phone to hit the button to speak, rather than being able to use the CarPlay interface...why?  
相关	Bad app I was typing to my friends and I closed the app then I reopened it and now I can’t type to my friends anymore
相关	I love this app I chat with my friends and yeah I have a suggestion you should allow videos to send because yeah!!!!!'heart_suit_selector''red_heart_selector'
相关	I’ve faced difficulty with connection and apply
相关	Would be nice to move my image around the screen while on speaker view during a meeting
相关	Ever since I downloaded this awful application, my phone has been acting slow and it is frustrating. The video calls and sound are never clear and I would never recommend this app to anyone. 'thumbs_down'  
无关	It’s good and everything thing so yea but it’s freaking school
无关	You people have made my life even more miserable during a PANDEMIC. I’m sick of being forced to use this app everyday you are destroying people’s well beings   Wish I could rate this zero stars
无关	Zoom is making it possible for me, and thousands of other business owners stay alive during this time. Thank you 'folded_hands'
无关	The best way to keep your love connection between family and friends!'two_hearts'
相关	I don’t know why but zoom app don’t have virtual background in phone version, I use this app all time by the way but I will like they add virtual backgrounds thanks!
相关	Some of the people were behind their conversation and the movement of their lips.   We had lots of in and out communications.   We only had seven of us in this call and it was hard to follow a lot due to interruptions in the sound.
相关	So I have to sign up in this app for school and I can’t and it’s hard I put in my email my name and last name and I pressed done and it was supposed to send to my email it hasn’t showed up yet! And I keep doing it over and over again but it doesn’t send I have good internet and everything but it’s not working if anyone knows what is happing please please please contact me 14158470540  
无关	'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone'
无关	Digital learning is made possible with the Zoom app. Thankful for Zoom, because otherwise this virtual learning/social distancing movement wouldn’t be possible.
无关	I use zoom to interact with clients and allow their positive energy to build on one another on the call. It makes for a great interaction!
无关	This is exactly like FaceTime omg! I love the virtual backgrounds though. Nice youth. Thanks so much for doing what you do!,!!
无关	Most reliable video conferencing app I have ever used on iPhone.
无关	app lập ra làm loz què gì v  
相关	I wish zoom had a settings option that you can view your past video calls (view date,time stamp)
无关	I’m connecting with folks who are dear to me and essential for my well being.
相关	Zoom is great other than the fact that the volume is kinda broken and the cameras are pausing, but other than that it’s a great way to contact people (but fix the audio and camera)
相关	This app is great, but I mainly use this for video calls where I screen share. On my iPad, the screen share feature simply doesnt cut it. If we could get the same features on this app as the desktop version, this app would get a 5 star review.   The features I miss from the desktop version while screen sharing are: 1. My video still shows. 2. I can adjust the split screen view so I can have half of the screen be the screen share and the other half the participants.   As it it now, when you screen share, you can’t see the people anymore on the call and your video shuts off.    Please fix if possible!!  Thanks!
相关	I have check everything I can think of to correct the dragging doing meetings. I have changed devices from Chrome Book to MacBook Air to iPad Air also unplug my internet to reboot. I even deleted the Zoom app then reinstalled it. Zoom really needs to address this issue with the many reviews. I have a logging meet 2 x’s a week and can’t comment for fear of dragging.
相关	Always cuts out, very glitchy, sometimes people who aren’t the host can mute or turn off the camera of other people
相关	One thing folks should know is, zoom needs other apps to work. meaning you have to have google chrome.  I made it to my grand daughter’s first birthday late, no audio, missed the song, etc. test runs are crucial. Don’t kid yourself.
无关	Ruben Golyshevskiy
无关	This app it amazing I highly recommend for video chats with friends or online family get to geather’s
无关	The designer should be embarrassed. Hard to use.  
无关	Ioii
相关	Frequently contact requests do not get delivered and therefore can’t get person added to contacts, (even when they pull up in the contact search). Person just stays as “pending”
相关	When I am others use the app, a spinner randomly comes up and keeps me from interacting with the app unless I force quit. This can take several force quits before everything works.
相关	No Video Background on iPad. No tech support
相关	This app is good for the most part, but the volume is super loud, even when you’re at the lowest level. It’s so loud it hurts my ears. What’s more, for some reason it doesn’t let you lower the volume to zero while you’re in the meeting, so you can’t silence it.
相关	Whenever I exit out the zoom app my camera is always off idk why but can u fix this cause I get into lots of trouble when I exit out the zoom app :(
相关	This app is awful!!! It keeps glitching out and ending my meetings. The features are hard to use and only occasionally can I go on a meeting and not have any problems.
无关	中文版的账号可访问www.zoom.com.cn来进行注册后使用。
无关	Amazing way to communicate!
相关	Love to have the opportunity to have business meetings with my business partners on zoom but I dislike how much it drains my battery. Thank you for having this convenient app available.
无关	I wish they made it easier to upgrade to pro from the app  
无关	It’s a life saver 'smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes''red_heart_selector'amazing app everyone should use it
无关	Application is working  extremely well for remote working during C-19.
相关	Need better options to control volume/mute/speakers  
无关	this app is horrible unable to connect sometimes tried to use during quarantine horrible doesn’t have much options
无关	So thankful for this app to have meetings and keep in touch.
无关	Because of Zoom we covid19 homestayers are not only getting exercise but can check in with our friends. Thank you Zoom thank you town of Durham ct thank you all who supported this effort.
相关	When you yuse Zoom it always cuts out no matter how good your WiFi is.
无关	Horrible just horrible
无关	they’re selling ur info to facebook n it’s not even in the privacy policy, shady.
无关	The speaking would constantly cut out on my end..
无关	Nice app. Works smoothly
相关	I love how it works cool details love the breakout rooms
无关	It’s so AMAZING to connect with our Meetup friends via Zoom during this time of isolation!  Thanks to everyone at Zoom &amp; Meetup for making this available to us in our time of need!  Carol A. Taylor  Meetup Organizer
相关	It’s great for corona but it always glitches. Also you need wi-fi a student lost there internet during a class and they couldn’t log back on so my concern is allow people to join with out wi-fi
相关	I love a lot of things about Zoom and mostly I love how they keep working to make it better and adding beneficial things as well as education.  I do sometimes get frustrated when an audio issue causes me and a client to interrupt our session forcing a restart to the application. It hasn’t happened this week yet so I am encouraged. Great stuff, Zoom; I have high hopes for you. Keep up the good work!
相关	During the meeting, there’s some connection issues and gets disconnected.
相关	You have to connect to WiFi to hear people and my WiFi’s piles are getting switched 'thumbs_down' and there’s always a big lag spike outta nowhere and some one getting kicked out. 'thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down'
相关	I love it!!!  We use it for business meeting, and conference with our team! Still getting the hang of everything. One thing to add, or maybe you guys have and I just didn’t see it. But if the host can receive a email with all the participants in the meeting that would be great! I know I receive a list of the people on my free conference call app. Thanks!
无关	Can’t seem to get this to work at all.  Hours of my life I’ll never get back. Tried to only leave 1 star but the feedback would not be accepted.  It keep saying that the “nickname was taken”  
无关	Great tool for conferencing.
相关	I’ve had too many occasions when using the app on my phone, the phone shuts down from being too hot.  
无关	Very Good!!!
相关	Love the app so far, but it would be great if hosts and co hosts had the ability to raise hand. It may seem redundant and unnecessary but in some situations we could really use it. Split screen between two users at once and an option to stay on gallery mode when the spotlighted speaker changes would also be great
无关	THIS APP CAN TURN ON YOUR CAMERA ANYTIME IT WANTS. IT STEALS YOUR DATA. AND WHAT IF YOUR CHANGING SO YOU TURN YOUR CAMERA OFF.. IT CAN JUST TURN BACK ON. PERVERTS PROBABLY MADE THE APP.
无关	Sometimes I don’t know the password or stuff like that to sign in
无关	Dgbxg Mesa
无关	What a lifesaver this has been during the Covid-19 Lockdown...thank you so much!!!!
相关	I love this app but I wish we can get it on our school iPads it would make it so much better on everything and everyone.
无关	This app is sending our info to Facebook without our consent and can turn on our cameras whenever they want.
无关	Yes!
相关	You cannot receive a confirmation code in the allotted time (60 secs). It arrives 3+ hours later. Not user friendly at all. Avoid this app to avoid headaches.
无关	tiktok
相关	Zoom.us is what our office\'s conference calls have been missing. As a company with partners all over the world, the crisp, impeccable video quality and extremely easy-to-use platform, makes this interface perfect for connecting with anyone, despite distance or different levels of tech savvy. Highly recommended
相关	Would give it 6 stars if I could. Keep it up. Also one suggestion. Can you show how long ago a text from the chat was made? Thank you.
相关	Since their “Security update” I can schedule meetings but they don’t show up on my account. If I use the link I created when scheduling, it tells me that the host needs to sign in. If I try signing in as the host, it tells me that it is waiting for the host to join.   Absolutely infuriating. How dare this garbage app dare to ask for a payment for an upgraded version of this nightmare.
无关	Better than FaceTime  Easy to use Amazing  Try It
相关	On this morning, I have an exam and the teacher said that he would be there if we want to ask questions through Zoom.  However, he made some announcements though Zoom Chat, which I didn’t notice when focusing on the exam. Inadequate notifications let me miss changes to questions and changes to test submission time, which nearly made me fail!!!   Zoom should improve its services to avoid such situations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
无关	I am enjoying zoom on my iphone, but unable to find app for download on my mac air laptop
无关	Steals info
相关	Zoom has been a great tool for teaching.  I wish that you could develop better controls to know/see who is in the waiting room. Even with using passwords, waiting room, and naming devices, you still can’t be sure who is joining the meeting until they are in.   Kids have figured out that they only need to identify their device with the name of someone in your class and they can still ‘bomb’ the meeting.  Doesn’t happen often, but does occasionally.
无关	Thank you to ZOOM for allowing us to all be connected during this pandemic. God bless every single one of you behind the scenes.
无关	This is so cool!! Really like this app!!
相关	I hate this app because when I sign up it Makes me do my date of birth so I do I’m 17 yr but it says I’m not old enough for zoom but you have to be over 16 so this app needs fixing
无关	Don’t install zoom and accept  their privacy policy because they invade you’re privacy,please go read their privacy policy!!!!!!
相关	a lot of glitch problems with screen sharing and the meetings in general and I’m very upset at all the fake reviews there are of bots just saying that THIS APP IS AWESOME when it’s really not
相关	It is really an awesome communication tool in my opinion. Easy to use anytime. Clear in regards to visual and audio aspect. Really really GREAT! More POWER.
相关	Zoom is a great app. The challenge is not being able to create breakout rooms from iOS app. You need to be on the OS platform to do that. For those of us who work only from iOS this is a problem. It would also be great to be able to see more than 9 people on a iOS screen since my iPad has a larger screen putting 15 people on it would be great.
相关	App on my iPad Air, is not showing as requesting permission for access to microphone. Therefore, I am unable to be heard in meetings.
无关	Happy to have this app on the go for mobility. Works great with our conference room systems.
无关	DELETE THIS APP THIS APP WILL STEAL YOUR INFO AND SELL IT TO FACEBOOK  
无关	The user experience of the entire Zoom system is horrible. The app is no worse than the rest.
无关	You can have meetings with tons of useful features.
无关	Da kine
无关	Too hard.
无关	From tiktok  
相关	I can hear verbal language just fine, but when it comes to instruments, the sound cuts out 30%-40% of the time.  Especially string instruments (piano is a bit better hearing than strings).  When it comes to playing duets at the same time (one person on each device), I can’t hear both instruments.  My instrument always cuts out their sound whenever I play.
无关	So you have been sharing our info with facebook and you are turning on our camera when ever you want. And also, you have been going threw other windows and stealing data without consent.  
无关	Our extended family is finding this a GREAT way to stay in touch, especially during this time if “safer at home”.    Some of us live far apart geographically, but also great for those who live closer to each other and can go fir a visit due to health concerns.   Relieves concerns that all are well, and have a chance to laugh across 3 generations.   Especially glad time limits have been lifted!  Thank you!
相关	I need to put my whole name BUT it doesn’t give me the option to edit it! I’ve tried everything it doesn’t work it’s frustrating and annoying. But overall it ain’t a bad app.
无关	It’s amazing and so timely!
相关	Outstanding video and audio quality and extremely easy to use
相关	You don’t have to be tech savvy to load it and use it.  There are features and options that can be used to customize. But not necessary to connect with family and friends.
无关	IT IS AWESOME NO PROBLEMS AT ALL
相关	A great application. Most appropriate for the times. 2. It would be good to upgrade the Basic beyond 40 minutes. May be to a minimum of one hour or at the least 50 minutes. It won’t stop those with huge needs to still upgrade to pro. 3. It would improve interaction if every Zoom participant is allowed to record without having to get the consent of the Host. Kabiru Muhammad Gwangwazo Kano, Nigeria
无关	I just found out Zoom gives users&，39; personal information to Facebook without your permission. No where states that my information is going to be shared and every teacher is using it for school. My sharing my personal information to other apps in unacceptable.
相关	Nice for when on the go but this does not let me choose Bluetooth headphones only plug in kind so I could use my AirPods on a call making miss part of call until i found my plug in headphones.  
相关	We have had six meetings now and the majority have been good meetings with just a few glitches we’ve been able to straighten out. The biggest problem we’ve experienced in our meetings has been a lot of noise feed in the background that was really breaking up and made things hard to hear. It sounds like at times that someone else’s meetings are going on and their feed is getting into our feed, the whole group is hearing it. Also at today’s meeting I was getting a ringing, like a phone ringing in my feed only. At first I thought it was in my room until I muted my audio, but it stopped as soon as I did. We still had a great meeting and we are happy to be able to have it. I’m just explaining the 3 stars instead of 4 or 5. Two weeks ago I would have given a  'white_medium_star''white_medium_star''white_medium_star''white_medium_star' or more star rating. Maybe in a couple of more weeks I will be able to. 'full_moon_face'Pammyfaye'smiling_face_with_sunglasses'
无关	This platform has been a lifeline to our school who is working so hard to deliver a remote learning to our kids and families.
无关	Zoom has helped us out through the pandemic that we are going through, and it has helped to keep our theater program together. Thanks, Zoom!
相关	App is very good. Chat and call feature works fine. Only improvement I would suggest is when I am in zoom meeting , and if someone else pings i won’t be able to read the chat until current meeting is over. I think we should improve it.
无关	Thank you Zoom for helping me still feel connected to the world while self-isolated, home alone!'clapping_hands''clapping_hands''clapping_hands''clapping_hands'
相关	After multiple attempts on my iPad and phone, I still haven’t received the confirmation email to activate my account
无关	Great software....
无关	Ai người VN tải ứng dụng này về nên xem xét kĩ các thông tin trên điện thoại, tránh bị đánh cắp nhé. Ứng dụng này đã làm điều đó với facebook của tôi. Cẩn thận!
无关	This is a great app.'thumbs_up_light_skin_tone'but too many glitches.'loudly_crying_face'please fix glitches. But over all great app!'grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'
相关	，，，update  The product team clearly cares about the user experience as I received a response to this rating. I’m bumping this up 1 star because my subsequent interactions have improved significantly. While the call quality I’m still unsure about - once the app settled down it works decent. The initial startup was repetitively asking to activate my camera settings which I declined about 4 times and then just had to force kill the app because it wouldn’t quit asking.  
相关	Not only have I had some shockingly scary events happen with this software such as; mystery attendees, the app appeared to remotely control my computer as in my mouse would move around and folders opened, happened a few times late at night and the incoming IP’s were out of China.   I am in IT I had several “web meetings” which had eavesdropping activity going on. Before the whole COVID thing happened I had an eavesdropper and had wireshark going and was live capturing the audio stream which VOIP stream to China.   I made a ticket sent them files and immediately the ticket got the attention of upper managment but my ticket disappeared along with another one....   Right when Zoom was put on notice about security and privacy concerns I followed their instructions and put a password in and changed my default settings.   All of those settings reverted defaults.   I think this is disaster that’s about to become worse only because so many people disregard the privacy concerns because of the pricing and interface.   It installed a web server on my Mac and it wasn’t encrypted up until now but who’s got the keys to that encryption and where are they stored?  It’s a virtual window into people’s life and business and in the case is the US it should be looked at as potential risk not worth having as who knows what it’s doing to your computer.   Who knows what it’s doing to your phone I think it’s a fairly well disguised surveillance platform if I am wrong great but so far other people agree so why is this the ，1 app in business?  People in IT please speak up.
相关	Allow for you to include hyperlink to website accessible in chat area! Then this will be a 5 star app!!!!! Thank you
无关	Used this for a job interview and it wouldn’t work, constant audio issues, even though my speakers work, and connection problems with colleagues attempting to join the meeting.  
相关	Great Good Meeting, But still bother self sign-in then sign-out against mad !!!, Please Zoom bug fix update !!!, THANKS.
相关	This bad boy has helped my business so much. It's allowed me to, through Apple TV, create conferences in living rooms. Awesome app!
无关	steaks data
无关	Teacher flashed our class
无关	每次上网课都用这个特别好！很实用哦大家强力推荐
无关	Awesome App!!!!
无关	This app has been sharing all of our information and stealing our data
无关	Bad  Jk but I still don’t like it I prefer face time  
相关	App does not allow pasting some entries like meeting IDs.  This makes for an awkward interface.  Otherwise five stars.
无关	It’s a good way for meeting businesses
相关	I hate the audio doesn’t work I hate it so much not even the camera works
无关	I didn’t not agree to have an app that can RECORD MY CHILDREN ( underage ) went they accidentally leave the site open on there computers . This is an inappropriate thing to do with underaged KIDS!! I can’t believe I used this , and I let my children use it as well . I HOPE this app gets shut down !!!
无关	Easy to use and self explanatory!
相关	I feel like I can contact anybody without having to FaceTime or download a special app they can just send me a code and I can type it in and then there right there in front of me that’s why I love zoom and I can contact all my friends at one time
无关	This app is very hard to figure out how to use!  
无关	Thank you ZOOM!!
相关	It’s a great app but there’s one thing that bugs me filters it doesn’t let me use filters 'frowning_face_selector' pls  Can you make filters for every one and not a setting
无关	The audio is terrible there’s a lot of lagging
相关	My iPhone Zoom app will accept my account ID and Pswd, go to scheduling page, then kick me back to sign-in. Tried to delete and reinstall. No help. This needs to be fixed.
相关	This past week plus, have had feedback every time. And in that feedback there’s whispers, growling, disembodied voices and screams, have a lot documented, as well.  I just had a clearing for my home and myself today and it’s still happening, which means whatever it is is in the servers. Very bad news. I will not be using zoom again, which stinks because I did like it a lot before this ordeal.  
相关	i just read an article and watched a video on zoom taking the installers data without permission. i think we all should be worried
相关	Why before that I can recorded video shot for class on my iphone11 and it has sound after it saved in my phone gallery, but right now everytime I record the video screenshot on the zoom, it NOT saved with the sound?????????? Can you fix that?
无关	Grateful to be able to minister across the world with this amazing tool. God bless you.
无关	Zoom is saving my business during the time of the coronavirus! Zoom really is saving the economy of our family. I am able to continue working. Thank you Zoom! 'folded_hands_medium_skin_tone''blue_heart'
相关	It is really difficult to sign up for the service. They need to send a confirmation to your email but after 3 tries, that hasn’t come through on my end (no, it’s not in the spam, junk, promotions or other files) AND no one answers the support line phone number that Zoom provides. After waiting on hold for 10 minutes the phone has been ringing for another 8 minutes with no one answering. Maybe there are better more responsive services out there?  
无关	Great idea when it works
无关	Easy to use
相关	I think you can improve the way that you invite the people to the meeting it needs to be easily to add just the email and save the group even when the guests are new to zoom. It’s confusing for the guests to have a link that doesn’t work automatically!
相关	Let people know they can’t use screen sharing on free mode
相关	this app is not a good source to depend on for example when you need to call in for a class it is down or doesn’t allow audio or to turn on your camera and it is an endless list of errors in the system i surely hope this app becomes better
无关	ok
相关	Can I start over with a new zoom app? The app has the wrong email address, phone no. and password and I can’t fix it.
相关	You guys are not so great because you are not telling me how to change my background
无关	I can happily talk to peeps without getting de CORONA
相关	terrible video quality and not user friendly at all.  
相关	Tried to join scheduled meetings, but can’t connect! Far too complicated!! ... couldn’t even send this review as my nickname is already taken!...  And the next one I chose!! ... And the next one 'pouting_face'
无关	I have scheduled 2 meetings and folks can’t join because they get message that I’m on another mtg when I’m on the mtg they need to join.   I reinvented and then folks could join and I did both mtgs.
相关	It is a good way to contact others, with little glitches but make it so when someone screen shares, you can hear their screen as well.
相关	Zoom would do well to simply pull this app from the App Store rather than leave it here as a testament to its corporate stupidity. This could be a good app if it were integrated with the iOS calendar and contacts apps—easy integrations that a junior app developer could pull off. But instead, Zoom has chosen to pursue far more clunky integrations with G Suite and Microsoft Exchange. Has anyone at Zoom done a few minutes of online research to understand how the vast majority of iOS users use their devices? And does Zoom know that Google has a competitive offering with Hangouts, whereas Apple does not?  Somebody over there is either too dumb to understand the market or too arrogant to care. Or both! How about both?  Postscript: I received the “developer response to my review below, which simply offers more proof that this company neither knows nor cares what about what it is doing in the iOS space. The bland non-response includes a “link” which I presumably should use to turn my review into a new feature request in the Zoom site. Only problem with that: not only is the link “dead”, I.e. you can’t click on it; but because it is included in the developer response, you can’t even copy/paste it. Now, has anyone at Zoom ever tried themselves to actually ，use，?the links they include  in their “developer responses”? [crickets]. Not only have they succeeded in turning a smartphone into a “dumb terminal,” but they have also somehow mastered the art of turning “customer engagement” into the ultimate corporate f，，， you. That takes skill!  
无关	Happy. To use
相关	Had to have Safari unblock pop ups which had never been a problem and had not been forewarned. When again attempted to join I got a beautiful video but no sound! My sound was on, my volume was all the way up and all the suggestions made did not work. We continued the meeting by silent video and a land based telephone conversation!
无关	It is a cut above the rest with all the functionality and quality of video.
无关	Cool
无关	This app steals your information and sells it just a little fyi
无关	This was used for the 1st time today!  Let’s see what will become!
相关	I was able to connect my iPad to my Bluetooth speakers so I can hear the music louder when I’m working out with other zoom members.  Now that is not an option anymore.  Pretty disappointed here.
相关	I have no audio. I troubleshooted all internet suggestions and checked all phone settings. Problem started after update.  
相关	We cannot pin video to a single speaker.
相关	If you are using EarPods, and if it fall down then when you reconnect, you can’t hear any sound.
相关	doesn’t work. audio is terrible  
相关	First time with a client. I was in the backyard. It started great but then had trouble with the audio going in and out. The screen froze frequently and had to disconnect and reconnect several times. Not sure how this is better than FaceTime'thinking_face'
无关	Due to the pandemic and schools being closed, this is my first time using Zoom to remote-teach all of my classes. It is great, easy to use, and we teachers really appreciate Zoom’s support and making the application so accessible to the K-12th grade academic community! We wouldn’t be able to continue to educate our students without you; thank you!
无关	Better than google hangouts or meet
无关	no
无关	It’s an ok app but I think it’s a bit to complicated and I tried to do it on my laptop but it just won’t let me so I had to download it on my iPad and that’s why I don’t like it  
无关	i have school meetings on zoom and it’s really laggy and could barely understand what my professor was saying
相关	Frequently unable to answer survey questions. Entering text into a text box doesn’t work. Really aggravating!
相关	I have had terrible luck with calling in the audio. Video calls are great if you’re on WiFi. Otherwise it’s spotty  
相关	Good'thumbs_up', does its job. Thank you Zoom for making this more accessible to schools! I also have a request, could you add a waving emoji or GIF or indicator so that a participant can show/indicate that they are going to leave the meeting? (I always feel a bit awkward to wave onscreen, and other people have also voiced that they feel disinclined to wave for the reason of awkwardness). Some people have experienced video and audio quality issues sometimes (may be due to Internet connection, but sometimes it’s an unknown reason), so I’m not sure if there is a way to fix that. When I shrink the Zoom window (in app not browser) and click on the Chat feature, the Chat immediately pops out and attaches to the outer side of the window (instead of popping up in the center or somewhere else that doesn’t extend out from the Zoom window—I usually have the Zoom window and another window open side-by-side, so I tend to feel frustrated that I have to move the Zoom window back into its original position after opening the Chat. I, personally, do not prefer using mobile app—I much prefer the computer app because more screens can be seen on the device’s screen at a time (if you have many participants). I also enjoy using the Beta video effects feature (changes eyebrows, adds facial hair, changes lip color). I constantly use the double-click shortcut for computer to go from full-size window to small/regular/customized size, thank goodness for that! But overall a wonderful video chat platform!
无关	Trash
相关	Need this for remote learning for my handicapped son tried 3x to join never got confirmation email.
无关	There sharing all our Info with face book
无关	haha you really thoght this was a review but this is an awesome app
无关	I found out this app was taking MY info WITHOUT my CONSENT. No. I’m not allowing that. Take this app off of the friggen store.
无关	We have to have this app for online school by I have received hundreds of unwanted spam emails.  Do not use until it’s fixed!  
相关	Installed. Connected. Works.  Draining battery.  
相关	Works ok if you passively watch a webcast, but if you try to use features it crashes frequently. Can’t move or resize chat window. I couldn’t make it work in split screen mode.   Given the misrepresentations about the security of the product I’ll give it a pass.
无关	Not enough volume... other than that perfect
相关	It’s a very good service for the difficult times we are living in. However on I pads and I phones the participants button is too close to the unmute for the technically challenged and they end up hitting the wrong button when going to use the raise hand feature.
相关	They never even emailed me a confirmation with a link...  Really sloppy control over there I suppose.
无关	It’s laggy
无关	We used it this morning and all went well.
无关	Zoom is a lifeline that brings us together when there is a need to join as a family of friends or relatives.  Technology is surely appreciated at these times.
相关	I am new at this , but it should be easier. I’ve been going around in circles for an hour. Can’t find password, don’t find the class I want, which played yesterday and I didn’t find out till too late. I’m very frustrated! Rate 1 out of 5 (poor)
无关	Thankfully so much. From Concepcion-Chile
无关	PLEASE STOP STEALING MY INFORMATION, i downloaded this app for SCHOOL, for my EDUCATION, i did NOT download facebook i did NOT ask for my information to be STOLEN from me. 'middle_finger''smiling_face_selector'  
相关	Why do people keep making apps that do not work! I was constantly kicked off and then I could not rejoin a group. So frustrating!!!  
无关	This app is fantastic  Thank to creator for this helpful app
相关	Zoom works fine some days and sometimes it never lets me join. It’s a pain. I’ve spent hours trying to connect to a meeting and other times it is flawless. It’s not dependable in my opinion.
无关	The sound and video buffered and some of the participants fell off.
无关	Great performance
相关	Im a student so I was required to download this app, but when I tried to join the meeting it kept on kicking me out the meeting. When I try to mute my self for personal purposes it kept on unmuting me n then when I turned my camera off it kept turning it back on. I dont like this app at all it has horrible quality’s.
无关	，10 per month to get a simple blood pressure chart (scatter plot), which was given for free, shows this company’s greed.   It’s a great chart to analyze your blood pressure; now I have to use Excel.  
无关	Both on a personal and business sense, the application is an easy-to-use excellent way to engage groups. I like many turned to it during recent  shelter-in-place requirement. However, I plan to also use in to improve my productivity after the shelter-in-place requirements are lifted.
无关	I put in headphones I don’t. I just don’t understand YOU CANT HEAR ANYYYYTHINGGGGG!!!!??!!!??!  
无关	Even a 77 year old non genius set up (hosted) a meeting!  It was very easy and a lot of fun.  This app is a winner.
无关	Zoom is awesome but still has its flaws like every app, but over all is is a really great app
相关	The app has intermittent freezes in video and audio!
相关	FIX YOUR BUG I CANT EVEN SIGN IN
相关	It works well enough, but shares information with Facebook - whether you have an account or not. Their privacy policy is very fuzzy on this.  
相关	It’s very helpful in many ways. But THE GLITCHES AND BUGS ARE SOOOOOOO BAD. Still very helpful. My favorite thing is that you can take the host’s spot when there gone so yea
相关	The UI locked up a handful of times while using this app. The audio continued, but video froze and the entire UI was unresponsive. I hit the home button and it took a good 5-10s to get to my home screen. Returning to the app fixed things temporarily. But I had to do that around five times during a 40 minute call.  
无关	Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage  
相关	You can’t sign in because of the stupid SOS
无关	Love it. It just works!
相关	I use the app’s feature of writing on images that are uploaded/shared on my screen. However, there are constant bugs where the writing cannot be erased. Very annoying, happens every time I use zoom on the iPad.
相关	Really good app but had difficulty with sign in so I couldn’t tell my friend what the password was to my meeting. Overall it was great!'grinning_face'
无关	Great to connect to the family and friends especially at this point in time because of staying at home during restrictions due to the Virus. Thank you for this privilege.
无关	So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent
无关	Most done thing I’ve ever been on
无关	I am a ballet teacher and this has been a wonderful way to keep teaching my students  Thank you very very much
相关	It won’t allow me to sign up
无关	I’m thinking it’s possible that this app is a blessing from our God Jehovah. I’m able to stay in contact with my precious, spiritual brothers and sisters (even though it’s only virtual contact). It allows me to have an interchange of encouragement and love with my world wide family of “Witnesses of Jehovah”. Just what’s needed during this covid lockdown/social distancing and during these “...critical times hard to deal with...”  2 Timothy 3:1
相关	When I used this app the video quality was TERRIBLE when I was with my class we all were having trouble seeing each other and the sound quality was also bad we couldn’t even hear each other so we can not zoom to this day and have only been doing work through google classroom and sadly cannot see each other through this terrible app
无关	I love the app.  I can bring it up and also dial in from my phone at the same time. The dial in is automatic.
无关	Thank you for providing free service and helping everyone to keep in touch during this cv crisis
相关	Zoom has recently become nearly impossible to use when teaching music lessons, as the filter for “background noise” now slams the gate on my students playing their instruments. Anything other than a human voice cannot be heard. There is no setting to change this, unless you are on a laptop as I understand it. Please add the option to change these settings for iPad/tablet/phone users! Teaching music online is difficult enough without this added problem.
无关	Zoom has been found to have lied about their implementation of end-to-end encryption. They also were selling data to Facebook, contrary to their privacy policy. There are also security risks associated with Zoom. For this purpose, I believe they should be taken off the App Store until all risks are resolved.
无关	It works well enough, but shares information with Facebook - whether you have an account or not. Their privacy policy is very fuzzy on this.  31 March, 2020 edit - it appears they have removed the code that shares this information, which is great! Let’s hope they continue to  follow practices that keep our information and platforms secure!  
无关	It allows me to see my friends from my home
无关	THIS IS A LIFESAVER FOR OUR CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT!!!! Thank you!!!!!!!
相关	On zoom, you can do virtual background and have lots of fancy names. In my opinion, if you are the host, it is most fun. 'teddy_bear'
无关	Excelente!  Gracias zoom!
相关	In my windows I can put the video filters but in my I pad air 4 I can’t you can solve that?
相关	I HAVE to use this app since it’s mandated in our workplace but given the choice I would use literally ANY other options on the market. So many bugs have popped up in the last few months and NOTHING has been done to fix them. The app in general is so slow and if someone shares screen, the app crashes faster than a falling meteorite.
相关	Really enjoy the app but I have noticed it will randomly turn my video off during meetings.  It also does not automatically mute me despite my zoom settings dictating as such.  Just some minor bugs, other than that it works perfectly.
无关	Right now people r using it cuz of corona
相关	It works well for one on one visits as well as conferences for business or family.  Virtual background of video loops are easy to install. There are lots of different options like a waiting room, viewing layouts and muting.
无关	Thanks to ZOOM for helping the world stay connected. It’s a wonderful tool!
相关	When trying to set up a new account, they send you an email to verify your account. But you have to wait for it to come through and its been over 15 minutes and still nothing.
相关	My mike wouldn’t stay on . Every time I taped to speak it would mute my mike when I left that screen .  
相关	It said zoom quit unexpectedly and no matter wha i chose my computer crashes and when i put ti back on the program is still on so i cant exit it
相关	This app is fine and all, but for some reason mine does not allow me a virtual background option??? Very strange. When I click on the “more” option in the top right hand corner (little 3 dots) virtual background simply is not an option? I have seen the screen on others’ iPads, but for some reason, it is just not there for mine. I even made an account and went trough settings and it appeared to be enabled, and when I tried it again, it still was not an option. So strange. Beside that I think this app is chill. Nothing extraordinary about it, and it doesn’t have the greatest vid or audio quality. For all I know, that is simply a device flaw rather than an app problem, so who knows. If it was not for the virtual background issue I have, I would give it a solid 3.5-4 idk it’s just a meeting app it’s kind of whatever. Anyway, please help.
相关	I recorded a session and when looking for the recording, I followed the instructions however, there is not an option to look at previous meetings, only upcoming meetings. Frustrating!  
无关	Nope
无关	It is trash
相关	Giving away our data and personal information as well as turning on our cams when we don’t know
相关	I would review zoom 4 star because you need to make a account to start a meeting
相关	I will never use this app again. Sending our data to Facebook even if we don’t have an account and without permission?  No coming back from that. Not now, not ever.  
无关	I work for a large privately held company and we moved from old flash based meetings to Zoom. It works on every system and device flawlessly. What more could you want.
无关	I literally lag out of every video chat  
相关	Can’t listen to video being shared via screen capture and video is way to choppy.  
无关	I have used and loved Zoom for years. I even Zoomed w my staff and family when I was in Paris, Prague and Tokyo over the past few years!  Now, more than ever, am I grateful for this technology!! Thank you, Zoom!!!
无关	“The Zoom app notifies Facebook when the user opens the app, details on the user&，39;s device such as the model, the time zone and city they are connecting from, which phone carrier they are using, and a unique advertiser identifier created by the user&，39;s device which companies can use to target a user with advertisements.”  Gross.  
相关	You are the best app zoom better than google hangouts or google meets. The only thing is I would like you to install present my screen so I can present and so other people can too. Thank you for listening and have a great day.
相关	I put in the correct meeting password yet it doesn’t let me in I’ve been trying since 9:00 and I’m missing my class it’s not fair if it’s going to be this difficult to get into my classes I might as well not go to class at all if I can’t get into my classes I’m going to fail my grade and I am not OK with that.
相关	Another app with a mandatory social login? No thanks. Let us login without reading contacts / connections!
相关	It gives the user way too many options and liberty within calls. If my students can disrupt class via the app with backgrounds and other options it’s no classroom at all.
无关	，cancel zoom
相关	Zoom is great the only thing I miss is the filters because my iPad is a different type of model. So how can I do that. Please reply when when you can. Zoom is awesome because I can’t have background. And I can see all my friends in class. And I can listen to my teacher really well. Thanks. Can you give me filters? Thank you. And how do you access them? Thanks zoom
无关	Ur app is trash no wonder u try to do updates ur app is garbage  Hope it gets deleted and for us students to be happy again
无关	Ugh  
相关	Now that my classes are online, I have to use zoom. I have to sign in to join my classes, I can’t join classes if I can’t sign in. Zoom won’t let me sign into classes.
无关	Zoom can steal your information off of your phone or computer when downloaded
无关	If you are in net work marketing or you just need to have a meeting with your business partners and board members this is the way to get it done
相关	After using links to join a call in session, I could see the person in the lower half of the screen, pointing to her ears. There was no way to increase or turn on the volume while viewing the other person. I finally found a way to turn the volume on, and wondered why it had been turned off and why I couldn’t adjust it. So I had to go on with the call, not seeing the other party, and not really feeling comfortable with that.
相关	When I try to sign up it says:you are not eligible at this time. I am 43! How old do you have to be?!
相关	Just doesn’t work. I click on the zoom link and it doesn’t take me to the meeting
无关	Nobody downloads the App, They send your data to Facebook  
无关	We are
相关	I hate that I can’t disable notifications for certain times of the day. I use Zoom for work, not socializing, and I hate having to remember to log in and log out every day or else risk non-urgent client calls late at night or on the weekends.   I also hate that Zoom requires so much bandwidth for voice calls, and has such a long lag during conversations. I can use competitors’ VOIP apps without lag from the same physical location/bandwidth, but zoom call quality is AWFUL. If you have excellent very high speed internet, it does the job, but for those of us in rural areas or relying on cellular data, we aren’t a priority for Zoom Inc.   And what’s up with the lack of text messaging/SMS? We pay for zoom phone service. IT’S 2020: WHY ISN&，39;T THIS A THING?  There’s also a super annoying bug with Grasshopper: I use Zoom for one job and I use Grasshopper for another. After making a Zoom call, if I receive a Grasshopper call while still logged into the zoom app, it shows up as a Zoom call, and then disconnects as soon as I pick up. Then I’ve missed a call for my second job because my first job’s phone service is buggy.   I AM DISAPPOINTED, ZOOM.  
无关	I love zoom it has high quality and it is my favorite app I have downloaded
相关	I refuse to give them camera access (already saved me once from their Macintosh security breach). They bug me every few min when I use the app, knowing my answer has always  been &，34;no&，34;. Clear contempt for their customers&，39; choices.  Their mothers would be ashamed even if they were still in kindergarten.  
无关	This app is extremely glitchy and doesn’t work well. DO NOT BUY!
相关	I constantly have meeting invite issues. There’s almost always issues with the video/audio when I switch from one meeting to a subgroup within that meeting. The video orientation is locked and won’t change.  Overall really poor experience. But what else would we expect from Microsoft?
相关	I love zoom but I can’t log into my account or make a new one. It always appears with error 1132 when I try to log in or make a new account. Please fix
相关	I used Zoom on my iPAD EVERYDAY since things shut down in March and have never had any problems with.  I recently updated my iPad to the new IOS 14 and since then Zoom has not worked once.  I don’t know if its the app or the update or what but I’m going to have to switch to something else because I HAVE to be able to share screen with the iPAD... really unfortunate..
无关	Multi-person video conferencing function is amazing, wonderful how the person talking is highlighted. Every feature works perfectly and is well designed - ease of scheduling video conferencing, ease of sharing and connecting across platforms, intuitive controls. Seems like a very put together developer - assuming they don’t wreck it with updates that degrade the user experience, Zoom will be a household word worldwide. Thank you for such an excellent app.
无关	Need unlimited timing in this situation.
相关	It’s great for youth group meeting, work calls, and just group family chat! A few complaint: Slow, if you accidentally leave it’s hard to get back on, if you mute your self you can not unmute your self  Good things: Great picture!!,wonderful sound!!, On one mode you can see  everyone that is on the chat!!, and last but not least best thing about it is........everyone can download the app or look it up quick!!(for younger people you will need parents help to set it up!!!  Great app totally recommend it!!!!! 'thumbs_up_light_skin_tone''thumbs_up_light_skin_tone'
相关	I find it irritating that the chat is stuck in the center of the screen, especially when some meetings use the chat the whole time.
无关	My rítmica gymnast teacher send me this app and is so good
无关	It’s glitchy and yeah
无关	This app is really awesome!!!! I love that I get to see my friends and talk to them during this time of the Coronavirus. It’s a really fun app.
相关	Won’t play on tv from iPhone , but it did last week.
无关	Have used app at least once a week and very happy with the quality. Thanks!
相关	i have this downloaded on my laptop and i had to cover my webcam because it would randomly turn on even when I wasnt using it. They also sell your information to Facebook, and will use any open tab on your laptop or phone and get information that way.  
无关	This app is so easy to use and the free version has useful features.  I’m seriously considering upgrading, because I’m already impressed...so I’m curious to see how much more awesome the paid app is
相关	So far, no customer support. I submitted three questions a few days ago and have gotten no response. No explanation as to the diferent types of accounts, nor how to upgrade. Basic users are limited to 40 minute calls, but you cannot set the appointment for 40 minutes. It’s either 30 or 45. I do like the app, but find these issues frustrating.
无关	It’s good
无关	Terrible and confusing interface skype is way better and less glitchy  
无关	Wow it is amazing! Great way to interact, and intuitive. A very nice tool to conduct business from afar!
无关	Love it! I’ve been using it for my weekly congregation meetings and for WW and I love that my important routines are still able to continue during this challenging time.
相关	1. Their UX &amp; Upsale:  If it is the case that I would like to upgrade to Pro, then their UI should not be so difficult in me finding a way to upgrade my service.   Context: Downloaded for a conference call. Signing up for the app didn’t give me an option outside of Basic. Once basic ends there is no pitch for the user to upgrade to pro to continue their call. On their app interface, it is also not intuitive as to how to upgrade. Settings &amp; “User Type” tab doesn’t enable selection of upgrades (Not sure if bug)'man_shrugging_selector'  With that in mind - this app doesn’t want my money nor for me to use it in any significant manner.  2. Buggy Wireless Sync:  Syncing with my airpods dropped me from the conference. 'confused_face'  Test 2 - syncing with my Galaxy buds also dropped me from the conference. 'weary_face'  3. Chat does not save: Being able to either  A) Have an intuitive system to find previous private/everyone chats (if it is the case this is a feature)  or   B) Actually create the feature of saving chat discussions from meetings outside of the meeting itself.  Taking notes &amp; keeping them are important. Being able to do that from within meetings or retain notes of private chats are equally so. 'crying_face'  Overall: I suspect this could actually be a really good app - it has 4-5 stars, but the UI/UX was not pleasant nor intuitive for my first time. And... I shouldn’t have to look up a Youtube video in order to learn how to interact w/one’s app.   My committee group chose zoom for a purpose, &amp; I suspect it has it’s value for the person selecting to host via Zoom. But from this first impression I would look through a lot of other competitors before using this app for any of my own business’s virtual meetings. And for informal or private committees really leverage the free alternatives available.   Bonus for Zoom Developers: I’m literally most upset that as someone willing to spend money the app didn’t provide that opportunity. Counterintuitive design &amp; lack of product onboarding hurts. Having a prompt for those you start at basic making an ask when their time runs out (even if small) could increase sales, especially if pro is directed at consumers. Even if small-mid sized businesses, if my first experience is from the invite of direct consumer - I’m not buying bulk w/my business if my unrelated individual experience was trash. Lmk when to try this again (4 stars can’t all be bots 'face_with_tears_of_joy')  For the Product Skeptic who Made To Cliff Notes:  Lingo Translations: UI = User Interface (Design) UX = User Experience (Experience of design)  
无关	This is perfect for your online school class during coronavirus 'thumbs_up''thumbs_up''thumbs_up' download and share your links to your students'grinning_face''grinning_face''grinning_face'
相关	I downloaded this app and I made about two accounts with DIFFERENT EMAILS! Both of which didn’t ask me to make a password when I was setting up the account and when I reset one of the passwords it still didn’t let me sign in.This app is just not usable for me and i think discord would be better for school video chats goodbye and hopefully you fix the bugs even more.  Sincerely,TbhIdkMan
无关	Excellent video Tech bringing us all together,especially this critical time-Worldwide (COVID-19) ....Nice one....God is real. Thanks, Emmanuel Eregie.
相关	Ever since the password came into play, this has been very secure'star-struck''partying_face''face_savoring_food''face_with_tongue''squinting_face_with_tongue''winking_face_with_tongue''zany_face'
无关	My school makes us use this stupid low grade version of Skype to assign me work. Thanks for creating something that I hate.
相关	I could not get Q&amp;A to on zoom  
相关	Clumsy interface does not tie into Contact list - lot of manual set up needed with little help
无关	Thanks so much for allowing Zoom into our families homes to visit Florida  INDIANA Oklahoma  Virginia  North Carolina  Michigan  Love you ZOOM! Thanks!
相关	I can’t seem to sign into the app and there’s no help or service options with an app to get support for this issue.  
相关	Why was I signed out of my account and why’s the sign up feature so long ?
无关	Absolutely adore this app.
无关	Have been using the zoom product since 2013 and have found it to continue to improve as a product.  Hope they can continue to improve and keep their rates low....
相关	My mic has no audio my mic is not broken because when I record it has sound so i think the zoom has a prob
无关	Called me mean names, gave me depression, and they are huge donors to Trump!!!
相关	Apparently, I’ve seen with my family that I’m the host and I cannot raise my hand. Everyone else can raise their hands. I’d like to see an update where when you click “more”, people would be able to raise their hand as a host
相关	Having used this app a few months now; watching thoroughly the tutorials on their YouTube Channel; I love this app!  It has not let me down and the developers are constantly listening to user comments and making updates, fine-tuning, and surprising me with their creativity in this "space"!  Keep up the GREAT work!
无关	This app can take any data and share it anywhere. It can also share any of your tabs that are open on your phone/and device you can get it on. Its a violation of privacy.
相关	When someone send the meeting link I can’t get through the app, I have to copy the link and paste in my browser which is inconvenient for me.
相关	It’s great but it would be nice to know when your chat is going to end instead of just ending it. Give a warning like you have a minute to go so you can say your good byes.
无关	Fantastic App
无关	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'
相关	When I tried to sign up it would not send the confirmation email to me and I waited a day and still no email. And after I got the email when it send a code to my phone number the same thing happened  
相关	As an Emotional Freedom coach and an Inner Child Advocate with Your Strongest Life I’ve been using Zoom for about a year doing one-on-one and group sessions.  I love it!!  Im able to connect with people all over the world in a visual and connected way as if they are sitting in the next room and record them too.  Its a wonderful tool.  I tell everyone about it!
相关	Tried on my iPad, iPhone and MacBook. Won’t send email to me.  
相关	My review is strictly the audio with zoom. I had a doctor’s visit and after it has connected it then prompts you how you want the audio i.e. dial in, call you, etc. when you are in that screen the video then is not visible. When the number calls you it request the meeting id，!!! Well the video screen doesn’t tell you that you should write it down to connect to audio. You then have to start the whole process again. Zoom put a comment or dial in on the video page please! This is a waste of time having to toggle between screens while you meeting is trying to be held!!
无关	This app quits before it will even load or open. This has made it impossible to participate in mandatory school work. Complete waste.
相关	This is the best conference site I've ever been on in my 10 years of network marketing I've never been able to draw while sharing my screen and share the hosting responsibility as well. All around great job,only problem would be finding someone in a large group meeting but that's never been and issue so far so A+++ in my book.
相关	Really all I want is video filters on mobile
无关	They’re sharing our info with Facebook
相关	This thing does not even understand what a ID is I type my Meeting ID and guess what....it said “ Meeting ID is wrong” I mean what the  it was correct
相关	The first question asked is for your birthday. It shows the current date and when you try to scroll to the proper date it keeps automatically reverting back to the current date. Frustrating as hell!
无关	Makes online school SO much easier.
无关	The app sells your data and can turn on your cam when ever it wants. DONT GET!
无关	Period  
无关	Thanks AA, AlAnon, and church are using zoom. I’m even sharing it with my family.
无关	I started using Zoom last week, after our self-quarantine began, by running a scheduled board meeting. It worked beautifully and was easy enough for everyone to access. Since then, I’ve been zooming with friends for happy hours and basic social contact. Increasingly, lots of my friends are getting in on the act. We are all in our 60s and 70s—so it’s not just the millennials who are Zoomers. Highly recommended, with lots of powerful bells and whistles. I’m now thinking about doing educational webinars on Zoom, also pretty simple. As a retired university professor, I have many lectures and learning modes to share and Zoom would let me do that.
无关	Very useable on my iPhone 11PlusMax!
相关	So far I’ve made 2 accounts (first one was hacked) I emailed them about the first account still have not heard back from them and today I learned my second account was hacked (both had a premium plan which mean my credit card is attached to the accounts) and when I try to call I need a meeting ID number which I now don’t have do to not being able to get into my account.  Zoom needs to fix this and refund me for the month I wasn’t able to use my zoom account do to there lack of help!
相关	The software needs some more work. It glitches for me like all the time, I can’t hear what my teachers and classmates are saying. Thankfully there’s a chat option, but sometimes host will disable the chat, leaving you with poor technical difficulties, and your meeting turns into the biggest most fattest disaster ever, ya know? This is what the anonymous person has to say about this disgrace for an app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  -Anonymous
无关	During this time of “stay at home”, zoom has allowed me to meet with my family from California to New York; maintain my connection with my home church in Connecticut and my local church here in Florida; and enjoy a full schedule of yoga and morning meditation from Blissworks located in New London, Connecticut...the place I still call home!  JanSecc
相关	This is a piece of crap. Zoom ain’t responding to my touches on my iPad. I will be looking forward to GoToMeeting instead if this doesn’t get fixed.
相关	Excellent App! I love that it has text, audio & video. The screen sharing with markup tool makes it perfect.
无关	This app is amazing especially at this time wish I downloaded it earlier
无关	Awesome and convenient during this season of global turmoil.
相关	My first Zoom meeting was great, and Zoom waived the 40 minute time limit during COVID-19 times. But then I tried hosting a meeting and encountered problems. Unclear why zoom sent out a different meeting ID than the scheduled one I had tried to set up. Then it kicked us out at 40 minutes. Inconsistent screen layouts between mobile and laptop/desktop devices, Apple and Windows systems made it very difficult to advise folks how to do things.   I’ll either try to dig in and figure out why these inconsistencies were happening, or just go to another kind of virtual meeting app.
相关	The interface is organized enough, and it functions okay. My biggest complaint is the inability to turn off the intergeated calling features. If you're in a meeting, all other media playing from your phone will be muffled and you can't do anything about it. Hate it.
相关	I use this app all the time to take conference calls at home and the office. I often need to take these calls from the car as well. Zoom has a nice “safe driving mode” feature that lets you “tap to talk” if you dock your phone while you drive. I recently got a new car with CarPlay, and was surprised that the Zoom app icon in CarPlay doesn’t work the same way. Instead, when you launch Zoom from the dash, it launches a voice prompt asking who you want to call. It’s a worthless feature. I would much rather see a list of scheduled meetings. Once a meeting is launched, it should work just like the “safe driving mode” on the phone and let you mute, hang up, etc.
无关	I like zoom because of our f'cat_face'ucking coronuvirous at school we have to facetime'orangutan''lobster''lobster''baby_chick''see-no-evil_monkey''two-hump_camel''lobster''goat''pig_face''camel''unicorn_face''pig_face''camel''shark''lobster''hear-no-evil_monkey''horse''unicorn_face''fish''exclamation_mark''input_numbers''exclamation_question_mark_selector''information_selector''Japanese_reserved_button''no_bicycles''input_numbers''OK_button''Japanese_reserved_button''globe_with_meridians''men’s_room''input_numbers''OK_button''restroom''globe_with_meridians''men’s_room''no_bicycles''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''input_symbols''input_symbols''input_symbols''left_luggage''eight-spoked_asterisk_selector''children_crossing''trident_emblem''no_littering''P_button_selector''eight-spoked_asterisk_selector''white_heavy_check_mark''exclamation_mark''dim_button''squid''pig_nose''orangutan''bird''squid''ox''butterfly''spider''spider_web''lizard''crocodile''eagle''orangutan''penguin''two-hump_camel''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''orangutan''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''peacock''eagle''honeybee''boar''ox' 'spider''peacock''snail''two-hump_camel''spider''orangutan''eagle''bird''snail''ewe''T-Rex''two-hump_camel''baby_chick''man_cartwheeling_selector''person_surfing_medium-dark_skin_tone'
无关	This chat is ausome be cause I can chat with my trains and they can still things of your phone just remember that
相关	THIS APP TAKES YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION AND SHARES IT TO FACEBOOK WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT WHETHER YOU HAVE FACEBOOK OR NOT. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY  N O T  OKAY!! THERE ARE MINORS THAT HAVE TO USE THIS APP!  
无关	Working it out now interesting
无关	Since my daughter had to do these online classes her teacher has asked her to take meetings with this app. It works greatly but some of the features don’t work that often for her devices so overall I would rate this a 4
相关	This app not only steals your information but it can turn on your camera whenever it wants to. I have been required to download this for school and all I can say is that the audio quality is horrid. I can’t even hear my teachers talking bc it cuts out (due to the amount of people using the app at the same time) all the time. I have a good Wi-Fi network so that being my problem is not logical. This app is very slow and not to mention again,STEALS YOUR INFO. I’m going to contact my teachers and let them know. Hopefully they will do something about it, like let us use another app. Thank you for reading.
相关	Am joining Zoom 5 days a week to take an exercise class. It is difficult to have background music and hear the instructor without lagging video. But we work through it because we are really grateful to be able to have our DrumsAlive! Class during the pandemic!
无关	I think its a good app for the most part but I don’t like how you can only talk to people in your class ......by :Unicorns ipad(hands off!)
相关	Great app which I’ve come to really appreciate in the last year but since the iPad update from this week, I lose sound after about 10min. Very annoying,plz address ASAP.
无关	Boffo at the box office!
相关	It turns the camera off when I go to another website and then everyone starts yelling at me to turn it back on.'face_vomiting' do not recommend.
相关	Used to work fine. Now every time I open the app it freezes in an infinite loading screen and my classes start this week!?
相关	Zoom is cool because you can do cool backgrounds and you can do pictures that you took in background and you can talk to people at chat and you can do breakout rooms it’s where the host of the meeting put a few people in a group together And if it’s like your teachers doing that you just talk about what she says in the breakout rooms and I just love it so much get the zoom app and get zooming
无关	It is good for school
相关	Zoom iOS no longer works as zoom imposes passwords on all meetings.  Zoom iOS app does not accept password for meetings, finally had to drag out a desktop to attend a meeting.   Zoom also doing a poor job of informing hosts of the password imposition (understand that because of malefactors zoom was trying to combat malicious acts).
相关	Why can’t teachers just use discord? Kids know it so much better than this. The only issue with discord is that the teachers would change it to light mode 'face_vomiting'
相关	Won’t even let me SIGN UP!!'face_with_rolling_eyes'
相关	Pls fix the zoom screen share bug. Its only on mobile. The thing clips a little of the screen and i miss the things that are shared there. Please fix that bug.
无关	It’s good that we can FaceTime wit) students and teachers.
相关	So like I wrote my password and my email and everything and still did not work like plz work
无关	Thank you zoom for being here in this difficult time
相关	Openings the app and getting connected were horrible.  The meeting number sent to me was embedded with various city names and a conference number.    The conference number appeared on its own but it proved impossible to connect with the sked’d conference because my iPhone could not perform the “copy” Function at all.  Another concerning feature was the ability to allow several of my colleagues to join the conference with me.  There was no clear explanation of that anywhere I found.  Were the extra names and emails for individuals within my organization, or was one of the several blank spaces for the person who created the conference?  Finally, the organizer is a healthcare pro and her group had to “buy up “ to full HIPPA compliance.  I may be interested in buying HIPPA compliance at a later date, but I saw no indication about HIPPA in the version I installed on my two devices — an iPhone and an iPad.  Keeping secrets from your target audiences?
无关	This was exactly what I was looking for at exactly the right time! It’s easy to use and highly intuitive. It meets my needs perfectly and provides additional functionality.  I’m a fan.
无关	It is good for class
相关	The call was interrupted several times and the application had to reload.
相关	Asks for my age, then says I’m not eligible.  I tried different years too.
相关	I do zoom classes for school on my iPad and it almost never glitches. But yesterday my mom said she could hear my teachers voices in the background even though those teachers werent there. My little brother heard that too. Also today for Spanish I wanted to ask the teacher a question. But the chat was disabled, and I couldn&，39;t unmute myself. Everyone else was unmuted later on. When I tried to unmute myself, it said that my teacher will not let me even though he unmuted everyone else. Wasn&，39;t able to share my stuff or anything. I like the app a lot but pls fix the bugs ok.
相关	Quite useful app for calls and screen sharing. Crashes every single time under iOS 14 though. Screen sharing also causes duplicate audio until you turn it off every time. Easier to navigate UI would be good.  Dont update
无关	It makes face to face AA meetings possible during this craziness. It&，39;s a lifesaver. I give it seven out of five stars.
无关	气死人了差评！
无关	Understand patches have been made to correct recently identified vulnerabilities. When will it roll out?
无关	Steals data and watches you
无关	Love Zoom, my students and I are so grateful we are able to carry on with our workouts during COVID-19 so thank you! We only have one problem and that’s the sound. Its not as fun doing Zumba having to mute everyone and they still say the music and sound is not good. Again, we love that we have Zoom but it would be great if the sound could be fixed. Thank you!
相关	Zoom is a well organized app that allows the classroom to break up in groups, as well as participate in classroom discussions and receive instructions.  When in this set up, students are encouraged to participate and chat to other classmates while in small groups, expressing themselves artistically or in any other mannerism.  I love the features, such as the “raise your hand” or thumbs up emoji to indicate your understanding.  I’m really impressed!
相关	I can’t get virtual backgrounds  
相关	The only problem I have is, (I use ipad for Zoom) everytime I want to open Zoom, a small black loading thing, just keeps loading and loading and loading and doesn’t stop, so I can’t chat nor call anybody unless I delete and install Zoom again. Other than that, this app is AMAZING!!!!!!! It helped me alot with my loneliness of not getting to chat with my friends.
相关	This app used to have convenient Lock Screen controls to mute/unmute like a phone call. Now, it just shows on the Lock Screen as a music application that can be paused. I lock the screen because the app uses tons of battery power when left open. Please reimplement this feature.
无关	Very nice meeting app! Worked well. No data drop outs or buffering! Highly recommend!
无关	This app made me so mad! It logged out my students while I was performing a lecture! It is arguably worse then not teaching them at all!! DO NOT GET THIS APP!
无关	I love it!!!!
相关	Cannot see who received invites to check your attendees. Invites don’t label meeting as recurring even though that is how it is set up. Invitations randomly do not arrive even though sent as group of invites.
无关	No
相关	Was not sure about this app at first, but it works great and ideal for meetings and Bible Studies.  Small issues: 1) Adding people to your contacts is sometimes frustrating, because the app can not find them.  2) it should come with some kind of instructions on “how to use”. You have to try it out and figure it all out yourself.  The app is great overall!!!  Would fully recommend to anyone.
相关	However, while I enjoy being able to connect with people virtually for teaching and guiding meditations and coaching sessions  My issue is SOUND transmission for sound meditations for various instruments - Zoom’s platform needs to be improved for musicians and real acoustic instruments!
无关	Class, work business and more!!
无关	Bye Felicia
无关	Wonderful way to get together with friends
无关	I’m home and used this up to keep working from home and it’s awesome.
无关	First time user. Great!
无关	After using this great app for two weeks, it doesn’t work anymore!!! What should I do? What’s the problem? My students have been waiting for the classes!
无关	I love the quality when I am mobile and taking meetings in the car...
无关	Ur a simp
相关	It’s not letting log in its so annoying
无关	It is a trap.  Easy to use, but not safe.  Not secure.   Compromise yourself, your data, and your company.
无关	Just no
相关	However, the interface is boring but voice and video connection are very stable
相关	I like to text my friends and call then I like to talk to them it is fun.
无关	Hackers got me  
无关	Love this app
相关	ZOOM IS AM AMAIZNG APP TO TALK TO FRIENDS! BUT I CANT LOG IN TO MY SCHOOL ACCOUNT!!! IVE BEEN TRYING FOR ATLEAST 30 MINS 'loudly_crying_face'🪄
无关	Zoom has been my go to tool for Team collaborations and Training. So easy to use, integrates with my Google calendar and the quality of the video and audio is excellent. Plenty of features in settings to customize it. I must have an any web developers toolbox.
无关	This is a wonderful technology!  I am really learning it!  Wayne/
相关	I use this for school and some personal meetings sometimes it is good connection but some times it will lag a lot and freeze and cutout. But even if it freezes or cuts out or any thing ales it starts working in like 2 minutes  some times shorter it also will not kick you out of the meeting. I wish you had more time on a meeting if you have a free account and make a meeting but over all its a really good app. I recommend it for schools it works better than google meets.
相关	If you don’t get zoom pro your meeting will just stop with no warning and no matter how good your WiFi or connection is it will alway lag and glitch out
无关	I tell you Zoom. Is the. Revelation. In  our time
相关	Hi! I’m HAM and I’m going to tell you what I think about Zoom. This app is wonderful and all, but it’s really laggy :( Everytime I log off, I must redownload the app to keep it from loading for ETERNITY!  Well, Zoom is perfect on other ways. So I still keep it on anyways.
相关	App hangs forever at start up, rebooting doesn’t help....
相关	I am a paid, licensed Zoom user and get on Zoom daily. It has been very helpful in staying connected through Zoom meetings. This morning, however, when I tried to join a meeting, my attendees couldn’t hear me. After several attempts to solve the problem, I got a message from the coordinator who helps us with problems. He explained that all groups were having problems, and he had found out about the upgrade. I searched on Zoom on my laptop and happened to find the upgrade link in Support. My laptop should now work, although all of our attendees have left the meeting.  Hopefully tomorrow I can test the upgrade.  Now I have been trying to find the same download link on my iPhone Zoom app, but there is no Support button that I can find anywhere.  When I was in Support on my laptop, I read that this upgrade needs to be complete by May 30. I hope that I can find the upgrade for phones so that I can help my attendees to complete this upgrade, which I think they may also need to do.
无关	It was pretty good
相关	I can’t do a background on zoom if you can fix it please do
相关	A lot of buffering makes garbled noise hard to focus
相关	I love zoom. But I have a problem. How do you make breakout rooms? And why can’t I use a virtual background? I love zoom, but sometimes it’s difficult.
无关	Zoom is great
无关	This is a great app it makes me communicate with dance friends and my brothers baseball friends during covid19 this has been such a good communication to learn dances and just talk to ur friends and family this is great I would hilghly recommend this app.!
相关	It’s so good and so smooth. Please fix it where you can minimize the meeting and you can swipe out of the zoom screen but you will still be able to see the zoom. Anyways it is good. There is no glitches and never lags. It will lag if you have bad WiFi
相关	Zoom is stupid. I mean, it’s fine on laptops and computers , but this just is awful on phones! Like, why is it that if alot of people are on, why does it SPLITscreen? That’s just stupid! Sure, it’s to make sure to see everyone, but I have a hard time looking at whose talking! It doesn’t live up to Houseparty or FaceTime or anything!
相关	No app. Widget to put back on phone screen for quick access.
无关	Participants are actively involved with feedback on comments and questions.   Leadership is prepared and very helpful.  Love having classes from my home environment as though I am in physical meeting place with others but without the hassle. Sharon W.
无关	Good
相关	On the iPad, the landscape view is sized incorrectly and crops the original feed from the host. This is an issue because when screen sharing, the screen is cropped and what you see is not what others see.  Sizing seems to be correct on other devices like a laptop, iPhone, and Samsung galaxy in other orientations.  
相关	When someone shares a video there tends to be lag time.  Is there anything y’all can do to fix this?  Other than that it is great and user friendly.
无关	Great App, so user friendly!!!!!!
相关	I enjoy Zoom for desktop use, but I find the mobile version limited in changing what appears if my camera is off. I also would like more virtual background options.
无关	It’s just a bad app
无关	We use this tool For our Webinars at VIPKID. It’s great!
相关	Constantly wouldn’t let me log in
无关	So easy to use enjoy that we can turn camera off !
无关	Zoom is a perfect app for meetings.
无关	Takes your data and can see through your camera while recording
无关	Amazing App!
相关	Whenever I tried to sign up I typed in my email and name. And when it said it sent to my email I checked my email and nothing popped up. I pressed resend email and still nothing happened and I have been trying for 3 days to sign up but it won’t work. I would like you to fix this problem.
无关	I love how this app lets us meet simultaneously from wherever we are and that we can invite others to join, even if they don’t have the app: all they need to do is click the link we send them.
无关	Teaching online isn’t easy but in these times it’s necessary. Zoom makes it much easier.
相关	DO NOT DOWNLOAD ZOOM, YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING STOLEN THROUGH THIS APP AND YOUR IP ADDRESSES. DELETE!!!!
相关	It is okay unless you need to record a meeting on iPad and iPhone. In that case it needs serious improvement. It will only record your meeting on iPad with Zoom Pro. So we tried it on an computer but I needed a virtual background for this particular meeting and it only works on a computer if you have a green screen.   I would suggest trying to one, allow meetings to be recorded on iPad for free. And two making it easier to access the recordings. Preferably through the Zoom app. It could have it’s own tab “recorded meetings” along with the existing tabs, contacts, chat, meetings, and home.   Please fix this app. ( also increase security measures ). I spent a whole day trying to figure out how to record the meeting. WASTE OF A DAY!!
相关	It’s okay nothing to crazy good, hard to navigate and audio and video issues are eminent but in the end gets the job done, I would rather use Microsoft teams and google teams.
无关	THANK YOU, ZOOM!  Love your app and love that it is free for short meetings.  Very user friendly.
无关	Great for school and work porpuses!
相关	I love Zoom, don&，39;t get me wrong. However, I cannot add a virtual background from my iPad. When I click the three dots in a meeting, where the Virtual Background options should be, there’s a Minimize Meeting option. From the app, there’s not a way to contact the company. So I was left with this option. I’d love to update the review when they get back to me.
相关	Everything to have a good teacher - Student class! Although sometimes my virtual background isn’t in the right place.
相关	Honestly it’s okay but very messy as to where things are at like can you maybe make the features a little more colored? And make a home screen then have options on the top right corner? Just make it more lively rather than just having it be so dull?
相关	Look, I like Zoom. I can use it to stay in touch with friends, and now I can use it for school, but where’s the virtual background option on the iPad? When I press the “more” button where it is on the iPhone, it’s not there. It shows reactions, minimize meeting, settings, (not in settings either) and chat. It doesn’t say “virtual background” anywhere. How am I supposed to show my face, without showing my room now? Please fix this issue, or at least tell me how to activate virtual backgrounds on iPads.
相关	Music quality is bad and zoom just shuts off for no reason even with modem connected
相关	Works very good and.... It works. Eg skype does not support multi video chat if one of the participants is a mobile.
相关	Great app!  For the iPad, can you please provide support for Split View so people can can take notes in a notes app while in the meeting.  Also, it'd be great if it supported the newer, expanded keyboard.
相关	When ever I try to use a link to launch a zoom meeting it ask for a password but the teacher says it doesn’t have a password
无关	Zoom is really great I like it it&，39;s fast and easy i go school my school is shutting down but zoom made my life better I talk to my friends and more
相关	Why can’t I turn my volume down all the way? It’s absolutely unnecessary that this app prohibits this incredibly simple feature. It’s most  inconvenient when I have no headphones and I’m in a place where I need to turn it down all the way. Not impressed with this low brained idea...
相关	This morning in our Sunday school lesson, zoom repeatedly would freeze but only with the leader of the lesson. I would guess the leaders device froze around ten times in our 60 minute class. We probably lost 10 minutes of discussion time in the one hour. We are using the pro version.
无关	I dislike every moment of it.  
无关	Eehheeeye  
无关	Gay as fucj
无关	Simply recommendable..LIKE
无关	All you have to do is  invite people and with the Coronavirus going on it’s super helpful.
无关	A disaster
无关	Why u be sharing all my info to Facebook
无关	Oh yeshybgmngot
相关	I love the zoom app, I just wish they would address a way to center view when you have an off-center camera on your device.  That would make it pretty perfect.
无关	Really thankful that I’m able to meet with my friends and see everyone. I don’t feel so isolated, this is helping cope with all the social isolation. 'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'
相关	Volume is so low that I can’t complete my meetings. This is an isolated issue with the iOS app. Desktop apps are fine.
相关	Sometimes screen freezes but most of the time zoom is just the best app to use in Covid times.
相关	Doctor uses this on android phone will not work on iPhone. I have 6+  
相关	When I try to link my contacts it only provides 60 seconds to get a verification code but the verification code takes several hours to come to my phone. Then when I try to use it, it’s invalid because it took too long. Dumb
无关	This app has been proven to take our data and sell it without our permission. We must stand against this . This app is an invasion of privacy .
无关	I can’t get it to screen mirror on my TV with my iPhone 11, and we have Samsung Smart TV
相关	Love the App - simple to use - simple to have multiple people - simple to invite and screen share.  It has changed how I do business.
相关	I have been unable to log into by ZOOM account for almost two weeks.  I have had a paid about for like 2 years never having any issues.  Now I can not log in. I have called left messages and sent emails.  And still can not log in.    The email replies have been a joke keep telling me to login.  When I have explained in all my emails and calls that I can not.    I understand there are more people using ZOOM now so I was trying to be understanding.  But now it is a major problem as this is an on going issue.
无关	The sound was so bad I could not stay in. Things had to be accomplished outside of this app. Worthless.  
无关	I’ve used Zoom, WebEx, BlueJeans, Google Hangouts, and Join.Me. By far, Zoom is the best. The calls are clear; the functionality is consistent; and the app is seamless. I highly recommend Zoom.
相关	Problems with audio. It makes a crackling sound and volume sounds very low.
无关	We just met with our 11 children over zoom. With the pause in church meetings because of covid19 we held our own church meeting together. 'red_heart_selector'
无关	While this has been a learning curve for all I am very impressed and appreciative of this technology. It has provided great peace of mind in a time of chaos Thank you
无关	Terrible
无关	It very good
无关	I love it
相关	Overall glitchy and trash on mobile it’s a laptop based app and has little to no features on mobile it’s very confusing to use and navigate around on mobile
相关	This platform is good for standard meetings and presentations, would like to see an auto translation program so the translations can be conducted during the meeting, separate link to the translation but same meeting place
相关	I had to connect with my teachers and it didn’t work at all. Kept lagging and crashing, I checked my WiFi but it wasn’t that.
相关	Essential app for the days of pandemic. Easy to use for most people, after a little startup period. Suggestion: add simple video transition effects to make saying goodbye less abrupt. For example, let me close my video presence with a fade or wipe or with curtains. Make sense?
无关	Keeps crashing, Absolutely trash service. When you need it most it doesn’t work...I’ve been paying for months now.  
相关	Getting lots of problems connecting to the network. When it connects its great but I  can’t even sign out right now. The fact that I can post this means the phone does have network issues.
相关	I love the app because you can always unmute or mute yourself when you want or don’t want to talk. And you can also share your screen so students can learn and see what your doing it’s AMAZING and I love it . One thing I DONT love about the app is that sometimes the host mutes or unmutes me when I have background noise or anything distracting to my working time. I have limited space In my home and there is only but so many places to go. I of course know she doesn’t know I have noise in the background but sometimes I do and she forgets that when I tell her.  So sometimes I wish the teacher didn’t have ALL the power when it comes to zoom. I DONT like being unmuted without my control or permission. At least if I get off mute by myself I have time to tell my family to be quiet so I can talk. Another thing is at random times the app glitches. I’ll try to get myself off mute and it would glitch. Or when I’m trying to copy work that’s shared on the screen from the teacher it glitches and then I can’t see what’s she’s doing on the screen. You might not get what I mean by glitching so let me explain better. It goes in and out it turns black then back to the shared screen and it continues it for like about 30 seconds but In those 30 seconds I miss a lot. Especially with my teachers they write ALOT in like 1 second. 'face_with_tears_of_joy''face_with_tears_of_joy'. But Overall I like the app it’s cool and a great way to virtually learn and stay in touch with each other NOT only for working matter. 'raising_hands_medium-dark_skin_tone''raising_hands_medium-dark_skin_tone'
无关	This app is simply a MUST!
无关	The best keeps getting better....
相关	I’m trying to present stuff for class and zoom is glitching and kicking me out of class. I think it needs to update!
无关	Vmxmhxtjztk
无关	Very confusing and who knows how to get it on my MacBook Air. These things should be dummy proof but that’s to easy.
无关	Ứng dụng quá tệ làm mình học quài!!!
无关	This app,seems to fail most of the time.
无关	Nice to see family and friends while we try to control the spread of COVID-19 by staying home and social distancing.
无关	This is by far the easiest meeting app I have ever used. Awesome for staying in touch with groups of friends and family during these trying times. Thank you!  Disappointed after hearing about Zoom security breaches. My family is now reluctant to use this app at all. Please fix this issue.
无关	Really bad app  
无关	Oop we outie
相关	I love love love zoom! The only thing is on a computer you can see everyone on one screen, but on my iPhone I find myself swiping between screens the whole time because you can only see 4 people (including you) at a time.
相关	password security is a joke..  
无关	A really nice and full features conferencing app for mobile.
相关	When I am talking to my teacher her audio keeps cutting out the Middle of her talking so you guys need to fix this
相关	Was fun until it kicked everyone off... Evidently the “free” version only allows so many minutes for the group meeting then cuts everyone off...did not see that caveat when getting this app  
相关	Completely over rated app. Half the time login through the app doesn’t work. Miss half the meeting waiting for connection, only to try over and over with no success. Switch to the browser and success rate is just as poor. Poor signal, poor quality. Done with Zoom.
无关	Zoom is great it lets my kids learn during this pandemic and I just want to thank zoom
无关	Bad
无关	This is an amazing ThisT  Thi
无关	Save your precious space, Zoom is garbage  
无关	I personally don’t want my professors and instructors from college to see anything from my Facebook, I also learned that his app had issues in the past where they can turn on the camera whenever they want and take that data 'smiling_face_selector' so I’m never using this again  
无关	They can steal data open on other windows and can turn in your camera at any time!!! What if your naked!!!! This is a horrible scam and you guys have been warned. Take it off the app store
无关	I started an in person class when covid 19 hit and was able to continue seamlessly online with the app. It’s great
相关	I hear the nurse and see her but my video will not come on
相关	It glitched you couldn’t hear the author person
无关	I’ve been on three zoom webinars in the last two days that have been hacked by deviant minds. Please fix it
相关	Please fix  also a max volume in accessibility would be nice so I don’t have to hear really loud yelling
无关	This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school
无关	send e mail code  
相关	Several audio-disconnects and possible visual connectivity of host  
无关	What a blessing that we are able to connect with our Bible Study during this isolation. I’m very grateful for ZOOM'heart_exclamation'
相关	Enjoyed having a clear audio and video presentation.  Thank you.
相关	Whenever I join a meeting, I get tons of weird notifications that basically say something like this: j，ion d3 K38]¥er and generally stuff you would find on R/softwaregore. Not to mention I randomly get booted out of my meetings! Please fix this. Also, my screen always glitches when I use this app. I wish I could actually stay in the meetings without glitches and getting booted.
无关	This app is openly stealing our data without our consent
无关	Laggy, bad audio, just flat out disgusting... not funny didn’t laugh  
无关	Very nice way to connect in this time of isolation.  We need each other’s laughter.
相关	The app is generally great but is very well optimised for the iPad hardware. The app simply does not work when multitasking. Whenever I leave the app, the video turns off immediately. When I’m screen sharing I can’t use split screen multitasking or even slide over. This essentially means you cannot take notes while in a zoom call without the video turning off. These are the main issues that I face with the app and would really like for it to be sorted out in a future update.
无关	In the midst of this incredible terrible time for world, god bless the zoom application for allowing so many of us to stay connected.
无关	bu programı yaradanın anasını, bacısını, dədəsini, lishniy varyoxunu sikim. götverən quru amcıq qəhbə.  
相关	Zoom took away the ability to pull up and annotate items on Google Drive with its last update, making teaching class on Zoom basically impossible for my students. Also, for some reason, when students are sharing their screen, some computers will allow me to annotate it, while others do not....not sure why (problem tends to be on Chromebook). That creates significant issues when I am trying to help my students.   Otherwise, mostly works well; sometimes freezes and disconnects and lags, but mostly does what it needs. Thanks Zoom!
无关	Really good app.would recommend to anyone.
无关	This app is a big no for me.
相关	It won’t let my sign up.  It asks for my birthday but won’t let me put it in, then says I can’t sign up.  I want to put in a profile picture and I can’t do that.  The whole thing is a big frustration.
相关	Constantly loosing signal
无关	Ease of you and clarity of connection is awesome! Appreciate the professional platform and ability to use documents/presentation materials.
无关	Since we are stuck at home and now this has been my go to meeting place!!!!   Thank you Zoom
相关	Cualquier aplicacion a la que se tenga que registrar y despues hacer log in, de la misma manera se deberia de poder hacer log out. Tampoco se puede contactar el developer.  Que tal si quiero cerrar mi cuenta, o hacer una sugerencia? Deberia de haber un link para poder hacer eso o contactar a los creadores.
无关	It is making my computer do weird stuff
相关	They collect to much of your information and the live feed isn’t that great
无关	really not about to have some bum app sell my data 'yawning_face'
相关	Since they are the ，1, they can get away with whatever they want to in a sense. They have a captive audience. But why are all the Zoom versions so very different across platforms? This is crazy! I have some features on my iPad that I can’t access on my laptop and vice versa. That is nuts. I often have to log in as host on one device and asa cohost on another!  They take months to implement feedback they’ve been getting from all over, when the way forward is so clear.   They make upgrading super annoying and difficult. I tell friends and students to just uninstall and reinstall. Does it have to be that way?  The iPad app itself is mediocre. But it works. It is not a problem when you are a guest, but it is super hard to host.
无关	3293207688
无关	Thank u so much it’s really helping us in this difficult time
无关	I’m a student who uses this app for online school and I’ve been informed that they can steal personal information from other windows on your computer while it is active? It also shares your personal information with Facebook? Big yikes. Not to mention the fact that several of these things aren’t included in the privacy policy scares me. Uninstall.
相关	Could never connect
无关	Thank you so very much for making this available to all of us. It has helped so many who are lonely and feel helpless. Is has also been a wonderful too for those of us who are missing our friends and family.
无关	it called me the nword
相关	This app is great in general. However when I call in with the phone link for the meeting there is no way to prevent myself from being unmuted at any time by the host. This can lead to some awkward situations to say the least. It also drops the call quite often with 4 bars of LTE.
无关	Amazing product.
无关	It’s ok. Somewhat cumbersome and temperamental.  Difficult to arrange a background picture to your meeting.
相关	A 2-hour Zoom call drained half my iPad's battery. Normal non-Zoom usage would take 5–7 hours to do that. I know it's doing a lot — using the video camera, audio, and Wi-Fi nonstop plus streaming video in 2 directions — but yikes.  The company is shady, so I prefer to use it on iPad where the restrictions limit the mischief they can do (I also use the web version on my MacBook but it's more of a hassle).  Otherwise, works fine.
相关	I bought a small business zoom license.  I could not set a co-host like last year.  Zoom tech support will not talk over the phone to provide help.  They are not prompt in replying and only point to videos for help, which did not pin point my questions and problems.  Lame help.  Frustrated and disappointed.
无关	Beware. Worst customer support ever. These guys at Zoom have been charging us for an add-on that we purchased a while ago, but they won’t let us cancel it. Their website keeps telling us to “contact billing support to cancel”, and we have been trying to contact their billing support for 4 weeks. 4 weeks! We have tried emailing them multiple times, calling them multiple times, chatting with them thru live chat, everything... and they keep saying “billing support is helping other customers. We will get back to you ASAP.” We have been waiting for 4 weeks for them to get back to us, and we keep reaching back out to them to no avail. These guys are bordering on fraudulent. Now we have to dispute these charged with out credit card, and will need to get lawyers involved if necessary.
相关	光注册就弄的一包火，现在还一直无法登录，客服电话还是坏的，能更烂点吗!!!
相关	Downloaded the app on my phone, however I can’t creat an actual account. Every time I try to activate my account the link they send doesn’t go through. Technically I don’t need an account to use the app, but it would be nice to have one where I can save my class code and not have to manually input them. 'woman_shrugging_medium-light_skin_tone'
相关	It always glitches sending me not hearing my supervisor
相关	This connects me to all my meetings that are not business related. Smooth and clear! My biggest complaint is that you have different choices and button locations from laptop to tablet. Other participants in the meeting will be telling you how to do something - but it isn’t the same from machine to machine.
相关	Now with the pandemic, everyone knows about zoom. And I really want to recommend it to everyone! It is easy to manage once you learn it, it is free to connnect to a meeting, and it is basically a phone call but with more people capacity! However, if YOU create a meeting you have to have a 40-minute time limit if you have three people or more. That is not a problem for me because my meetings ussually only are with 2 people, but if you are planning on having bigger meetings, this could be a problem for you. However, you can have as many people you want for as much time as you want if you get zoom pro, which I totally recommend to everyone who hosts meetings. Easy to manage and to host, this is an awesome app. The only thing that I will recommend is conection problems… sometimes when I’m on a meeting I can’t hear someone because they get cut or they have mic feedback. Sometimes zoom just blocks itself and I miss an important meeting. This is frustrating, and that is why I took one star away. If there would be a solution to that, zoom would be ABSOLUTELY PERFECT
相关	Zoom is great and useful my arm is broken I’m taking online lessons but there is a bug saying passcode incorrect no matter how many times you put it in correctly pls fix it fast
无关	Google hangouts. 'white_medium_star''white_medium_star''white_medium_star''white_medium_star''white_medium_star'
相关	Just needs a few tweaks like a close cutting leaving the chat screen from the top to the bottom.
无关	Yea!
相关	I’d like to like this but I can’t use it while driving.
相关	The display doesn\'t rotate on iPhone X. Volume adjustment is wonky when using AirPods. There is no way to give feedback through the app.  ;)  
无关	Trynna steal my information and leak it to Facebook? No thanks you stupid app. Whoever created this is violating consent policy’s. That’s disgusting.
相关	For some reason my chats will never update from the time that I initially download the app. The app also appears to perpetually be in a “connecting” state despite me receiving notifications in the Notification Center.
相关	I would have had difficulty getting through the pandemic without Zoom. Overall, it works great! However, for VoiceOver users such as me, there are now a few glitches. When I first began using Zoom about a year ago, I was able to do such things as enter a screen name, use the Chat feature, and use the Q&A feature, without major difficulty. Now, however, there are some major glitches in this app when using VoiceOver. When typing a screen name, extra letters and other characters sometimes appear, even when Slide to Type is turned off. When one needs to edit the screen name, or any other similar item, the Delete button doesn’t work; and also, one cannot edit this item using text selection, cut, paste, etc. also, it doesn’t telll us where the insertion point is—a crucial bit of information for editing. Finally, if the screen name or other entry is a hopeless mess, there is no “Clear Text” option. It’s a similar situation in Chat and in Q&A. Editing your message is next to impossible, and very frustrating. And, all of this for an _experienced iPhone user who does a lot of typing on the iPhone. It’s even more frustrating for those who are new to typing on an iPhone. Please fix, before some of us get so stressed out that we have heart attacks!  Update: The Chat and Q&A features are working much better now for VoiceOver users, but entering a screen name is still a nightmare.  The insertion point still doesn’t move from the end of the line to the beginning when one does the gesture that is supposed to do that.  We still cannot edit what we’ve entered via Text Selection, because the Edit function doesn’t come up.  Finally, when entering letters, there is still no VoiceOver confirmation of what has been entered and we get no feedback as to where the insertion point actually is.  A friend of mine, who is a VoiceOver user and a not-so-experienced iPhone user, spent hours trying to enter her screen name, because of the issues mentioned above.  As I said when I wrote my original review, and still say now, _please _fix!
相关	Thank you for this life-saving app.  To improve it even more, please add the full functionality available on the website, ie increased color range, filters, etc.  In addition, improvements to handwriting/stylus functionality would be excellent.  Apps like noteshelf and goodnotes have such amazing pen functionality; it would be great to have a comparable experience on Zoom.
无关	This is an excellent app!
无关	Won’t even open and when it does it glitches  
相关	I found a very important webinar I NEVER want to miss... thank you ZOOM!!!!
无关	Something good has come out of this Corona virus. Our church needed a way to connect and Zoom has been a big help even for a small congregation.
无关	I was told you share our information with Facebook and I honestly don’t like it :(  
无关	Zoom steals your information just like life 360 and opens your camera at anytime it wants. Also if you have open windows on your laptop then they’ll use that too.
相关	I am unable to use this app with one particular yoga class which, by the way, has no password.  I have 3 devices—an iPad, a desk top IMac and an IPhone.  I get messages like “the meeting ID is not correct,” etc.  Very frustrating as this app does not let me gain access to the Yoga class.
相关	I can’t believe that I try to put a background so that my students don’t see the mess in my house and I can’t do it! I use a chrome book and it’s nearly impossible to do things on zoom. I can barely hear them, the names get jumbled up and I can’t do a single thing with this app!!!!!! Ugh! 'unamused_face''face_with_symbols_on_mouth' whatever you do dont buy the app and the membership!
相关	Love this app! It makes on the go communication so easy! Video conference, web conference, audio conferencing or IM...Thank you Zoom!
相关	Account Managed by Family linked should be a able to Schedule Meetings  .   If I was your Bos I would fire you for not allowing innocent random peaple to schedule meetings just because of Family Link .   Please help me to change it now .   I’ll Give you 3 Stars for Now   When I see changes , I’ll give you 5  Stars .
相关	Can’t get past entering birthdate. Won’t let me select anything but today’s date
无关	Steals your information
相关	So I’m looking through my classes and checking the times when 2 of them need verification by signing in to zoom. I never sign in so I tried to sign up but zoom said “ you are not eligible to sign up now.” HOW TF AM I GONNA HAVE MY CLASSES IF I CANT SIGN IN?  Fix this zoom ASAP
相关	Great screen detail and excellent audio.
无关	Zoom has been an outstanding platform for all types of needs. Would recommend to anyone
无关	I love it
相关	Still offers the best video conferencing experience overall, however, the mobile app is very limited. Even more if you use it in a more capable device like an iPad or iPad Pro, with more screen space the app should let you see the content, participants videos, attending list and chat as the desktop version. The biggest issue for me is the inability to use Zoom in side by side mode with other app for example to take notes.
相关	Only one problem it’s so slow when you share your screen
相关	Being able to mute all and  then unmute all is needed by a host i to let all participants know a meeting is about start. Muting all then having to unmute all individually is inefficient.
无关	Can’t even sign up, gotta get this for school...
无关	Okay just so you know tech does not work sometimes. Well it’s because a lot of people are trying to get in. This app works like google hangouts so if this app is not your fav then you can try google hangouts
相关	Tried multiple times to sign up and I would never get confirmation email.  
无关	I had signed up for an update product roll-out from “3D Anatomy” but didn’t realize that it would require “Zoom” for me to participate. It literally took me less than 5 minutes to find it on the App Store, download, install, sign-up, verify and join the meeting. It was such a pleasure to work with an app so well designed and simple to use. I look forward to hosting my next online meeting with zoom. The online possibilities for collaboration as well as the dissemination of Information are expanded with this brilliant product. Kudos to the engineers!!!
无关	This app has been shown to steal you information and sell it to Facebook. Also, it can randomly turn on your camera! That’s creepy! And to top it all off, it’s able to take any information it pleases from any open tabs or windows from your device, and do whatever it wants with it. Don’t believe me? Research it!
无关	This app can see your information...
无关	Just got cut off after 40 min limit during weekly Sunday school meeting.  This is ridiculous.  These services should be free and unlimited during this time. People who are trying to honor the social distancing depend on these apps to socialize.  If we are all going to “come together” during this time of pandemic, companies should do their part as well.  We are trapped in our houses.  Services like cable, social apps, etc should be free during these few months to help people cope.  You all make enough money the rest of the time.  Will NOT be using this app any longer.
相关	I’m on an iPad and I want virtual back round
相关	But frequent updates mean a lot of re-learning. Maybe I’ll be less tripped up by that as I become a more capable host.
相关	Thanks for the update giving the unmute participants feature back. So helpful. Would love to see even the host and cohost be able to raise their hand. And be able to handle zoom rooms from ipad/iphone. Windows is super clunky. Thanks for all your support through the virus your helping people stay connected with out being in person. Thank you
无关	Great quality and good sound
相关	This app abuses cell data. Maybe it’s a bug, but I “used” 2gb in 15 minutes without even having the app running or my phone screen open. Ran me over my data limit almost instantly and incurred fees and throttling. Deleting fixed the issue, and I’ll never download again.
无关	The app is terrible it is so bad
无关	I have had numerous time my class canceled because of this bad app
相关	I didn’t  get the code number that’s supposed to be sent to my gmail
相关	I can’t log in I have a meeting right now and can’t use it and there is no live support
相关	I am trying to get a account i was trying to sign in I am 13 and it says I am not Eligible to join zoom right now I am old enough
相关	As host I can no longer unmute all.  It was there for a long time.  I use zoom 8 times a week or more but the function no longer appears
无关	Zoom is a great tool to keep me connected with others both professionally and personally!
无关	Very disappointed.  Had to go and BUY a laptop to use it for teaching.  Should have same functions and toolbar no matter what hardware is being used.
相关	Zoom let’s you talk whit a lot of people, let’s you share screen, let’s  you share photos, let’s  you change your name and a lot more.  I really like it .
无关	It’s bad  
无关	Very useful tool!
相关	Zoom has a tendency to generate email links for meetings that don’t work on the first try. They work on the 2nd or 3rd try. Weird. Who knows why?! It’s happened several times; we are pretty competent in online video, to the point of getting paid by clients for help with video editing.
相关	The app is pretty good for meetings (although the bar is low for blue jeans). I like it except that sometimes the video/sound freezes. Maybe there should be a setting for worse connections, similar to Focusmate. The ability to adjust volume independently is also limiting.
相关	I downloaded this app to call friends and I can’t even signed up. I am tired of going to try over and over again. That’s why I gave it one stars.
相关	Can yall please NOT ask to join a meeting or sugn up/in? THANKS.
相关	Cannot join meeting even though I used correct number and passcode
无关	Sold my data to Facebook and randomly turn on my camera  
相关	Hi zoom crew my name is Gia Srivastava Singh I am 8 years old so I use zoom a lot you are doing a great job but there are some things that you can improve 1 It sometimes does not work 2 you need to connect to audio 3 mute is like covering someone’s mouth which is a little rude if you ask me otherwise you are doing a good job keep up the good work love Gia ps can you make backgrounds with Unicorns for me please Unicorns are my favorite thing 'unicorn_face''unicorn_face'
无关	This app steals your data without your consent
相关	It’s great &amp; user-friendly, but it’s so sinister. They were selling user info illegally without permission. That advertise end-to-end encryption and straight up don’t have it. People can easily hack into sessions. Idk how companies can get away with straight up lying like this.
无关	Good for talking with your family and friends plus work
相关	i use zoom for school and when i do it always glitches . its not even a problem with wi fi or my computer its just the app itself and thanks to zoom i now miss almost half of my classes. if u can make it useable that would be great. also the sound quality is terrible and the app itself is just 'yawning_face'. sry if this seems rude just trying to make a point in hope that u fix it. thx!!!!
无关	This app steals your data, any window or tab you are on while using it AND opens your camera without you opening the app. So id uninstall if I were you.
相关	Let people make others co host and do breakout rooms with or with out a teacher account
相关	This app doesn’t show how to get contacts added so the contact screen is blank with no options to sync.  Otherwise it’s a five star app.
相关	Still unable to assign a custom virtual background. The app just hangs every time I go to pick one.
无关	Ruins students ki piyari zindigi 'smiling_face_with_heart-eyes'
相关	This was used as an online classroom and was absolutely horrible. The audio cut out every few minutes, the screen froze along with the audio, and the audio sounded like trash. Will not be using this app again.  
相关	I downloaded the app. Signed up for an account, but when I put in my date of birth and clicked “confirm” it would say “you are not eligible to sign up for Zoom at this time”. I tried again, but with a different year of birth, and it still said the same thing. I’ve used the app before, but on my moms account. That’s why I’m giving it a 4 stars, it’s a good app. But I would like an explanation as to why this happened.
无关	Trash
无关	No happy for a beginner
无关	You have to do it in online school
相关	Zoom is great, however, please consider adding QR code feature to streamline the meeting process. In the case I would like to use my cell phone for audio since internet voice call could be unstable, the manual dealing slow down the work flow.  If in QR code feature can be added to the calling in number input can be very helpful.
相关	I don’t understand why I can’t see the same controls that some of my participants have. I can’t change the background or “co-annotate” when I am moderating, as I read in the preview before downloading. Paid ，14.99 to try so I can work with my 5th graders. This won’t do at all.
相关	The virtual backgrounds could have more backgrounds, and when I do a zoom, I can’t see everybody I’m calling
无关	This Zoom tool is terrific!  It allows me to personally see and chat with my WW Family!  I love this, especially during our trying time.  Thank You 'smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes'.
相关	Cant sign up
相关	Para mí, ha sido un servicio muy bueno y oportuno en estos momentos de cuarentena. Tener la oportunidad de reunirme con muchas personas virtualmente para hablar cosas importantes de nuestra vida espiritual como si estuviéramos en el sitio mismo de reunión es algo grande.
相关	I had a chance to be a movie star but the app kicked me out and the producer blocked me thanks zoom 'confused_face''expressionless_face'
相关	When I try to get on this app for meeting, it always tell’s me not available, even though it time for the meaning. If I do enter it was glitch even though my WiFi is perfectly fine.
相关	I was hoping to use this app for music jams but the audio lagged so bad, you could not hear the other players in time. Participants had a hard time joining. For now Facebook Messenger works better.  
相关	Great service, excellent platform, clear sound, great video and you don’t have to be a tech person to figure it out.  Love how we can join and run meeting from just about any device we have too
相关	Missing ability to turn on preserve original audio like on the computer version!   I am using zoom for remote music lessons.   Most students are using an iPhone or iPad.  Auto-gain and other processing make it sound terrible.  Students using a computer that can use original audio sound fine.    Besides this everything working fine and I am happy with the features.  Please add as soon as possible!
相关	When trying to enter meeting ID numbers won’t bring up my phone key board to allow me to enter meeting Numbers when pasting it doesn’t show what it pasted so no way to verify it’s getting what was typed. When joining by phone it still doesn’t work. It could be the ISACA chapter sent us wrong meeting ID. But would really like to know how to enter the information manually so we know the application is getting the information correctly. Really disappointed with this app.  Missing my first chapter meeting online today.
无关	No way to change it; not in China
无关	Not good My information is compromised
相关	Enjoying the Zoom app.  Very helpful when you can not be at a place, but yet you are there because of the video Zoom.  Thank you.
无关	TERRIBLE!!!! Don’t get this app. Horrible. Ugh. So bad. Thought it would be a good app for learning and stuff but just no. Absolutely not. Terrible. Ugh!
无关	Yh
相关	This app is OK. I will start with the good things... One: you can sometimes change your background and use fun things two: you can private chat which I guess is cool. Bad things: VERY glitchy sometimes!!! And sometimes if you don’t sign in it won’t let you go above 2 hours...I think. Another thing is you can’t do some things on some devices... And it takes a lot of your battery percentage.
相关	Great program but need more tutorials section. How to develop group invite
无关	It shares data and steals info without your consent.
相关	What’s up with this out? Why can’t research on specific screen names, Why doesn’t allow us a history of who we chatted with?  
无关	So bad  
无关	We always used zoom for  some meetings but at this point zoom option came as lifesaver to our team and our clients to be able to communicate.
相关	Easy to use and good quality video.  If only there was a way to record your screen from a phone or tablet app.
相关	Almost every time I log in to zoom to take my classes, it lagges my computer so much. I’ve talked to my schools tech department and every time they tell me “it’s slow, just deal with it.” There is also a huge problem almost ever time I log on it says there is a problem with my audio and needs to restart. I get that, but WHY TF DOES IT NEED MY APPLE ID PASS AND MY COMPUTER PASS (I use Mac).  I don’t want to give it my passwords because I don’t trust the thing with several of my friends saying that their computers were “acting up” after this problem and don’t know why. I don’t know why it wants me to give it access to my Apple ID, it is still very laggy and hard to use
相关	Just got off a call with just three participants. We all had to bail out on the voice over IP because of the audio latency and quality; other people frequently sounded like their voices were being run through a buggy robot voice auto-tuner (listen to the Black Eyed Peas if you want to hear one used intentionally), or the speaker sounded like they were radioing in from the vicinity of the moon. When we were all on phones, the audio was OK, but then a couple of us, including the conference leader, got dropped multiple times. Finally, I shared my screen and the other participants could only see my iOS tiles instead of the full-screen PDF I was looking at.  Sorry Zoom - not a fan.  
相关	It’s horrible. It’s glitchy, there’s so many bugs, they kick you off like five minutes into the session, and the audio!!! Don’t even get me started on the audio!!! The audio is so bad and no wonder everybody hates it! All together it’s just a big bunch of trash!!!
相关	Best web conferencing and online meeting app out there today! Love true iOS screen sharing from mobile, game changing!!!
无关	They can share your info
无关	Great job....'thumbs_up''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes'
无关	Terrible
相关	I have tried to use this app for the 10th time and every single time I try to sign in. It just refers me to the sign in page instead of allowing me to actually sign in.  
相关	Paid for Zoom but hasn’t been able to use my pro account and ZOOM HAVENT RETURNED MY EMAIL
无关	Excelente aplicación. Todavía no la manejo completamente. Gracias
相关	Can’t log on as a host. App never works and neither does the program on the computer. Waste of time and efficiency.
无关	My work, a large State University Health system has been using Zoom forever. But since COVID-19 the whole world seems to be using it and I think that it’s amazing that the platform has remained stable. Zoom has singlehandedly changed the face of a Worldwide Pandemic. Thank you Zoom people!
无关	This is a great app. I have seen it used for meetings, fast easily, and very accurately. Since the coved 19 (coronavirus) is making all people stay at home, we have been using zoom for school, Amazing! Thank you, zoom!  Sincerely, a zoom lover.
相关	I WAS IN MY ZOOM SHE CALLED MY NAME AND IT KICKED ME OUT. IM GONNA BE MARKED ABSENT 'crying_face''crying_face''pouting_face''pouting_face''pouting_face'
相关	Joined mtg someone else set up.. default settings were such that I could not talk.. think I am set up now but there should be better instructions of settings before you join a meeting
无关	That’s pretty much it
无关	I am watching a joyous sight right now.  A pre K 3 year old is on the computer with her teacher and friends that she hasn’t been able to see for 2 weeks!  I can’t describe the smiles adequately. Thank you ZOOM!
无关	It’s really good. And I highly recommended it for everyone
无关	Hhhhh
相关	This app is pretty good, I’m still a student so I use this app to attend all my classes. It glitches and freezes a LOT, but it’s pretty good for like, millions of people using it at one time. I’d definitely recommend it.
无关	This is such a blessing to have this Zoom APP to connect with friends, family, Church and business communications! In our nation and even around the world! You have pulled us together! Especially during this quarantine time. So thankful Zoom is here for us and you are not charging us to use it!!!!!! May all provisions come back to you in this time! You are to be commended for keeping America connected with one another and with this form of encouragement and communication, we remain in hope and trust in God. We are not alone! Your app on our phones, laptops and even watches, has brought us into the George Jetson Days of the future -living in the now with great hope and expectations. Thank you and may God bless you. 'smiling_face_with_3_hearts''smiling_face_with_heart-eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes' Charlotte'purple_heart''sparkles''rainbow''glowing_star''dizzy''globe_showing_Asia-Australia''globe_showing_Americas''globe_showing_Europe-Africa''fire''latin_cross_selector''honeybee''folded_hands''ship'
无关	STOP DESTROYING.
无关	But there are little bad things in it
无关	Discord ，1!!!
相关	I paid 160 to upgrade and then it still recognized me as basic member. Then I can’t call for support since I’m basic member (but I’m not)...
无关	I like using the program because you can use it on your phone no glitches like other programs very simple to operate
相关	Thank you for this great app...such a gift to stay connected with loved ones! Is there a way to store meeting ID and passwords? Namaste!
无关	During this pandemic it is the closest thing to human connection to exist.
无关	its taking our data without letting us know  
无关	Excellent app to communicate especially during this corona crises
无关	it&，39;s very easy to use. But, I had my credit card stolen after using last week. Discovered that zoom was still running in the background. I have uninstalled it now. Be careful!
相关	Because you can do cool stuff like doing a poll and breakout rooms it’s so cool thx zoom love'gem_stone'
无关	All I ask and Zoom does it
无关	This is the worst meeting platform I have ever seen it is impossible to use google meet is far better  
无关	Don’t download at all
相关	The reason why I don’t like the app so much is cause you can’t host a meeting with out a phone number witch bothers me alot
无关	It’s a perfect way to keep up with my Gemini family.
无关	It’s great for my online classroom and meetings!
相关	Zoom is okay I can’t sign up but when I use it for talking to friends it’s okay
相关	Zoom is pretty cool and all but it’s just kinda annoying to use sometimes I get kicked out for no reason all of the time and it’s super glitchy sometimes and the host should not have the power to unmute you so if you don’t want to talk you don’t have to and the fact that they use this app for school makes it even worse and I’m not really a fan of the breakout rooms and I wish everyone and not just the host was a able to share there screen but in all it’s a nice app and I like it
无关	It is wonderful!
相关	sometimes it will log me out of a zoom meeting for no reason and won’t let me back in
相关	The sound quality was poor.  If possible it would help to have a link to the microphone on the podium. It is hard to follow the speakers’ messages because all the background noise.
无关	This has been a sanity saver, to be able to see and talk to my family. Thank you so much!
无关	We had such fun with our kids exercising. Thank zoom for making so easy for us to share moments in this difficult times.
无关	This is a perfect app for private 12 step recovery ( Alcoholics Anonymous) Mtgs easy flexible can scan all members in the virtual room with sound and plenty adjustment s   As  You May imagine . Someone who let’s say been sober for 35 yrs with habit doing dif Mtgs nearly ea week . Not just to get sober after 3 decades but to stay sober and more importantly clean house help others rid of the hell! Keep piece mind .  This is new even for 85 yr old program like “ - -“ 12 step program .its never ever happened even WWI VIETNAM.  9 11 not same . So if you know someone in recovery or should be , this is good news  Actually you have a fam member either in or will be  One of every 5 . 7. People are practicing some addiction alcohol or drug. Or in recovery it’s a huge club and being retired admin criminal just administrator and substance abuse counselor sponsor / coach .  To 48 % Med drs dentists are in rec or will be  Lawyers even higher %clergy too  The good news is even the worst hopelessly drunk /addict can recover  And your little app will contribute to primary purpose we have “ stay clean &amp; sober , and help others achieve sobriety ! Its reasonable for me to assume this was a  much better review than you’ve been accustomed to receive . It’s with genuine sincerity this review is not overstated 'camel'
相关	The Call me function on iPhone has not worked the past 3 days and when your host is in Europe and you are in US, when you go to alternatively use Dial in, there are no US numbers to dial from iPhone.  
相关	Its a really good app theres a bug where I can’t sign up all.
无关	Thanks to zoom I have to do school
无关	I wouldn’t waste my time with this  
无关	It always crashes or glitches and it is not customizable
无关	With the social distancing right now we were able to see grand kids and go to church. It has really worked out well. I would recommend this to everyone. There is even a provision to raise your hand to answer questions during Bible study. Wonderful!
相关	This app is a life saver. During covid19 we can’t see are friends/family instead of calling each person for them to sing happy birthday or something you can do this app. The only thing is that sometimes my video cam glittes I don’t know if that’s on my end or some else’s or if it’s the app or any other reason. But minus that your app should be app of the month because it helped/helps a lot of us and if you could just respond to me about the glitches that would be great!
相关	Bad audio glitching and TO MANY CAMERA GLITCHES
无关	Even though I upgraded and paid, my account is still set to basic and continues to disconnect after 40 minutes! Refund, pls.
相关	Using Zoom was a pleasant experience.  I am going to recommend it to my own organization.  The only down side is when a person asks a question their video takes up the whole screen.  I wish there were a participant option to allow that or not.  Anyway, great app!!!
相关	At 10:00am today we were trying to do our church family group and you could not here anything and all the people screens were blank and if you look up zoom online it says zoom breakdown it started today 5/17/2020 please fix this everyone in the world it happened to on this update I think.
相关	Wish I could scroll back on presenters slides. Would be cool when I’m slow!
相关	It’s not even letting me signup or login.
相关	My school recently stopped using this app because it steals your info. Don’t sent “private messages” the host can see them. The code takes forever to put in. Once I couldn’t get into a meeting for 20 mins, it just said Error(some codes here) When every my device gives the low power mode notifications it just makes the whole screen ，black， until I press okay.
无关	Best Communication App ever I can connect with my friends without texting them
无关	I mean it has a lot of glitches but others it’s super
无关	Great for small groups, but gets overloaded quickly. Also overloads during peak hours, sometimes can’t even have a meeting.
相关	Zoom just kicked me out for no reason. Zoom is rigged. Just bad.      The WiFi is bad when some people join zoom. You’re trash , zoom. I hate you Zoom you’re the worst app ever made.
相关	I have a scheduled Zoom meeting, recurs every two weeks, and I am always late in joining, even when I have the correct meeting ID and passcode!'frowning_face_selector'
相关	The app is good and i love the features BUT it won’t allow me to log out. It continues to network issue please try again. Repeatedly. Same issue for over a week. HELP
相关	And great clear video.
相关	I  wanted to upgrade and have a code and password and there is no support to set me up I am very frustrated I thought getting started would be easy My contact list is not working  and using the phone list is not making sense to me
无关	This app is a extremely very excellent 1. No complaints at all.
无关	This app is AMAZING! It’s like FaceTime but even MORE people can join! This app is COMPLETELY THE BEST APP I HAVE IN MY OPINION!
相关	Locked me out because it would not accept the password change that it had just confirmed. No help available in the app. Apparently must go to website to get help - oh boy!! And this app won’t let me rate it zero stars so I’ll have to give it one star that it has not yet earned.
无关	I need tech help
无关	Love the app
无关	Opportunity in Adversity
无关	Baby Boomer generation so new technology for me....I love it!  Very easy to set up the first time and connect the 2nd day. Thank You for the opportunity!
无关	I use Zoom to teach Zoom to teach music remotely and now with social distancing it is invaluable !
相关	When ever Im in a meeting and my teacher shares his/her screen my screen turns white on my phone and it’s annoying because I can’t see what is happening
无关	Zero rating due to issues connecting and no assistance with the app
相关	No way to test audio
相关	I’m just trying to take it down because it sometimes kicks me out of my classes and I heard it looks at peoples information.
相关	I upgraded to a pro subscription and I just discovered that I’m only allowed to record/stream in 720p max. We are in the year 2020, there should be no reason why paid subscribers should be limited to 720p. And then I was told by Zoom that if I want to record/stream in 1080p, I’d have to upgrade from a pro subscription to a business subscription which would cost me an additional ，2k+ a year. Zoom is out they mind, BYE!
无关	Super duper workout on ZOOM!!!
相关	I appreciate ease of use and versatility of Zoom. I also like the recording feature. I do much of my work online connecting with others, and when there are more than 2 of us on a call, it’s nice to be able to switch views and see multiple images at once. I also like the virtual background feature. One drawback... seems when WiFi is. It strong enough, I have trouble with audio.
无关	You can talk to your classmates and your teacher'nauseated_face''nauseated_face''nauseated_face' School is B4B  
无关	A meeting scheduled by the Workforce Solutions Rural Capital Area was interrupted/hacked by people using obscene language. Now it seems these hackers gathered emails for phishing purposes. This is terrible!
无关	THIS APP WILL STEAL YOUR DATA FROM OPEN WINDOWS ON YOUR DIVICE AND GIVE IT TO FACEBOOK. START A PETITION TO GET IT DOWN TO ONE STAR AND TAKEN OFF THE APP STORE. THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS.
相关	Tried to register so I could have a call with an old friend, I just contacted. I am not eligible!!!! Is that because I was wrongly removed from twitter!
相关	Crashed SO many times, muted my friend several times without either of us doing anything.  I hate this app it also has poor quality even though my wifi had a speed of 24 MBs per second, and my friend had 19.8 MBs per second soooo.  Also, Zoom doesn’t disclose it in their privacy policy, but they steal and sell information from any open tab, there’s a news article on it.
相关	Zoom is amazing I can hang out with friends go to class and many more it’s amazing just a few glitches sometimes the people you in zoom with turn all black and maybe freeze here or there sometimes you can’t hear or there frozen and you can’t hear them . But other than that zoom is great!
无关	Terrible
无关	My team use zoom on a hourly bases! It’s been a blessing and I’m thankful for the creators!
无关	I like this app because I can video chat so many people at once, but The quality isn’t always that good. But as the cover says, it’s pretty good.
相关	It results that on an iPad Pro, when on a call using BT headphones and BT keyboard (magic keyboard) it stops recognizing the inputs on the keyboard. So if you want to take notes while on a call on any other app, you are dead.  I can’t think of how to use this to share screen as well.. it will be a nightmare...  Please fix this.. this is what is stopping me to move to iPad only. Can risk the calls..  
相关	I’ve always loved this app - it was easy to use and I appreciated being able to set up meetings on the fly. I just opened the app for the first time in a while to schedule a meeting and I can’t access the keyboard. Did something happen in a recent update?
无关	It wont let me pin people so I can’t focus on my instructor
相关	Worked great.  Error free connection, and clarity of webinar was fantastic. Great job.  The information conveyed was a great reinforcement of knowledge essential to complete operational success.
无关	Thank you for your website and app running smoothly. I have been able to meet with my students twice a day to help them with their work.
无关	Had so much fun.'grinning_face''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''grinning_squinting_face'
相关	The picture profile and our names does not always appear as we assign them on the web portal whenever we signin into different portals.  To ensure consistency, before clicking on a Zoom meeting link, sign into the app first.  I would recommend a button the prompts users the chance to change their picture -and name - before entering every meeting. The setting allow this sometimes, but not all the time. Understandably, preregistered meetings may want to anticipate and know ahead of time who is signing in. A surprise V for Vendetta pop in can delay hosts managing waiting rooms
相关	This App would have received a higher rating from me if the explanations in “settings” were more clear. The audio was not clear in the meeting and I had to call and mute zoom. In settings I had activated the integrated calling. I read and misunderstood what it did. I had just had a meeting through Teams and had no problem with the audio. Your setting explanations need work.
无关	I am saying Awesome
相关	Holy Freaking Glitch   Also... if I have headphones in, my mic doesn’t work. What? Why? What?  Every time I use my camera, the meeting glitches out of control  Every time I turn off the camera, I get yelled at by the teacher  Frick this I’m out
无关	Ok idk
无关	User friendly... even those who are not computer savvy i.e. (Elderly) are able to grasp the fundamentals of this application.  During a time when staying close to loved ones and friends is increasingly difficult, this app is wonderful, Timely and needed.
无关	My Zoom conferencing stopped after 15 minutes. I’m the host &amp; pay ，14.99 a month. I. Hope this doesn’t happen again!    Thank you， Alice Gonzales
无关	Has been a extremely helpful app in keeping our office and field workers in know during this Coronavirus Pandemic.
相关	This app is not very account user friendly as it will not allow me to sign up for an account.
无关	Not enough instruction how to use app
相关	WHY DOSENT IT LET ME SIGN UP OR SIGN IN?!
无关	Steals data, turns on your webcam whenever.
无关	Good
无关	Great app. I used it once and I tried to log back in on my iphone and every time I log in it immediately kicks me off. Not sure why. Probably a bug, should get fixed ASAP! Need this app working.
无关	Ndzflzglglzlggxlgxgkxlgxwhy I give you a two star because The reason
无关	Stop and secure
无关	Yes
无关	It sell your information to company’s without you knowing
相关	I feel that you should also show the mirrored video to everyone in the meeting, not just the person who set it.
相关	We have an enterprise license, I called and they said someone would get back to me, a month later I get an email and they send me a generic template email and refuse to respond after that, it’s now been 2 months since I opened the ticket with no support  Update: I tell you I submitted a request and 2 months later still have no response and you ask me to submit another request? Well, I did, and you automatically closed my ticket. The automated message even says that you’ll provide support to paying customers, but you don’t.  
相关	I can’t sign up.  Therefor I can’t use it.  I tried asking for help with NO response except the automated thing.  So my opinion isn’t very high right now.  Sounds like a great app, but if it doesn’t work than how would I know.  
无关	Since this COVID 19 has started at has been a perfect way to start a meeting! I get to see my Teacher and my students I absolutely love this app Get it now
相关	I’m having a hard time finishing setting up. Verification codes are slow to come and then don’t work. I can’t find a help link
相关	There is no contact for support.  I am required to install by my doctor, but cannot receive the confirmation email.  Can’t do anything with the app or get it resolved.
无关	AWSOME GAME :0
无关	It gives away your data and not only this can go on your camera when ever it pleases. Also the fact they don’t mention this at all because it’s not on the privacy policy,so there trying to hide it from us.
无关	Sends data about you to Facebook and does not disclose it in their privacy policy and you do not need Facebook for it to happen.
无关	No  
相关	Great app. We use it for our meetings every week. Can you please allow an option so that Hosts and co-host can raise their hands 'raised_back_of_hand'as well? This feature would really help more. Please'folded_hands'.
无关	shares information with facebook and hacks into your camera whenever. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND  
相关	Doesn’t support any form of split screen on iPad, so you can’t look at any notes or whatever during the chat. Not updated for the latest screen sizes.  Also it turns out their security is horrible and they take months to even start to respond to major security issues when reported to them.  
无关	Using zoom has been a bad experience because it doesn’t work  
相关	I like zoom because it has good controls and it is very useful for meetings. I want to thank whoever created this app for making this. I just don’t like how, the host does not need to allow people to unmute. Anyway, l love zoom!
相关	It’s a garbage app. What type of name is “zoom”. Other than that the app was great. Also the 40 minute limit is poop. Also it’s like FaceTime and SoundCloud has a baby. G! A! R! B! A! G! E! There I spelt it out for you. Do not use this app unless ever other app has been deleted. Last thing it doesn’t allow chat on the iPad. It may for you. Not for me.
无关	Worked awesome We had a gathering with our friends Social distancing
无关	steals ur info and sells it to facebook.  
相关	I often get kicked out of Zoom now that I have updated to iOS 14. Sometimes my login will spin like it is trying to connect until I delete the app and download it again. When I screen share, but leave the app to go to PowerPoint to share the presentation it kicks me out. This did not happen prior to iOS 14. I am a teacher for a virtual school that uses Zoom, so it has really impacted my work flow not being able to present from the iPad app. When zoom works it is great.
相关	This app is awesome and I hope you add Arabic language.
相关	Hello people of ZOOM! Is there instructions somewhere or the potential to add just certain individuals to my Zoom account and not my entire contact list? I do not like to upload my entire contact list to any apps because I respect the privacy of the people that I am friends with an associate it with. But if I had permission on a one to one basis to add them I would like to do so. I look forward to your response. Thank you developers.
无关	Easy to use with all the features. Love this for my interviews!
无关	Kids try to lower the rating to have a break from school.  Don’t listen to that noise.
相关	I missed lots of zoom classes because of this even know sign in when I put my class code in it stills says u have to
相关	I upgraded to Pro (，15) to have a better experience and yet as soon as I payed and they IMMEDIATELY took my money out of my debit card, might I add, the app decided it wouldn’t let me log into my Pro account anymore. AS SOON as I upgraded. I tried all my different devices (computer, tablet, phone) and nothing works. And yes, I have my email and password correct, it&，39;s not  that. I log in and not even one second later it logs out by itself. I got the Pro upgrade for a specific virtual event I was hosting and it NEVER let me use it. I dont even need that upgrade anymore, it was yesterday, and yet the website STILL wont let me log into the account. I have contacted customer service god know how many times now and NO REPLY WHATSOEVER. I have gotten NO HELP AT ALL. They still have my money (WHICH I AM DEMANDING BACK BY THE WAY), the app/website STILL wont let me Log into my “Pro” account, and I have gotten 0% help from their customer service team. Going Pro was an absolute and utter mistake. I WANT MY MONEY BACK AND I WONT BE USING THIS WEBSITE ANYMORE.
无关	A complete waste of time that has terrible audio and visuals.
无关	The meeting kept on freezing on us. Most of us were like in different times due to the poor quality
相关	I have multiple email accounts and a paid Zoom account. Zoom fails to recognize my paid status and routinely blows up my calls.
相关	It logged me out of my account for some reason, and then I couldn’t remember my password so I reset it. I put in the exact password I reset it as and it told me I was wrong and locked me out of my account. I try a entire week later and I’m still locked out. Not ONLY am I locked out but It keeps on telling me that I’m not ALLOWED to make an account.
相关	It is more personable to see the moderator and participants in a meeting. You learn names/faces. Great way to get useful information!
无关	Bad
相关	I am grateful to work as Zoom has enabled me to provide Web Sessions. Although I was not able to see my client while recording the Session. I like having the Session documented. Thanks Zoom!
相关	I gave zoom 4 stars because it’s not perfect but it is still really good. The ring tone is not super great but it works. You have to pay for pro to personalize your meeting ID.
相关	No way of finding out how to get virtual backgrounds??
无关	In tonight’s meeting we acknowledged how important &amp; useful Zoom has become to stay connected!
相关	We can’t increase/decrease voice, that’s sad(
相关	REALLY DON’T LIKE the forced waiting room requirements pushed out on 9/27/2020. Four months of smooth meetings and not a new security patch. :(
无关	app hay đó nhưng mà có chức năng để giáo viên kiu em lúc em đang đi vs nên e hong vui
相关	It’s reconnecting with good internet but not connecting
相关	Locked in the circle of death After installing the latest update, the app is locked in the spinning circle of death. It is trying to connect with Zoom Central but never succeeds. By chance, I did not update the app on my iPhone so am now hosting meetings on my iPhone — very unsatisfactory. My software version is 13.6. If you haven’t installed the latest Zoom update, DON’T!!!
相关	The mute buttons are quite small and at a corner. The option to change headphones keeps vanishing.
无关	Zoom has been doing what we need. Group meetings that are short, 30 minutes, with 5 minutes at beginning and end for stuff outside of meeting content. Also like the upgraded account for longer meetings.
无关	Love this app, easy to use!
无关	it always glitches ,has privacy issues DO NOT DOWNLOAD
相关	The setting under “meetings”:  “always display participant name on their videos” This setting turns off, on its own, after a few minutes. During an hour meeting I may have to go back to settings and re-check the setting multiple times.
相关	I’ve been using zoom for work and the last week it has frozen up on me or kicked me off completely more and more even though I have strong WiFi
相关	Strangers can get in zoom apps with basic account to say something or post explicit without invite them in meeting raised red flag.
无关	Thank you Zoom for providing a window to the world for one who can’t physically get out there
无关	With friends
无关	Don’t download this app It over heated my device and fried my battery  
无关	I hate school
无关	I don’t want my information and stuff stolen that’s why.
相关	I use this app to do online dance classes, now that we are all quarantined, but I can’t make out what the teacher is saying or doing. The audio only works off and on and the video is always blurry.  
相关	When you Tap a contact or an app, there is an option that says “SMS.”  This is Cool!
相关	Overall Zoom has been very useful, but it has two significant problems that make me want to avoid the app as much as possible. The first issue is that the volume control is terrible. When I set the volume on my iPad to its lowest level, it’s still way too loud. It literally hurts my ears in certain meetings. Not only that, Zoom hijacks the audio so you can’t mute the sound. There are moments when I’m in a meeting when I need to talk to or hear someone in my house, and I want to mute Zoom temporarily, but there’s not way to do that short of turning my iPad off or leaving the meeting. This might not be a dealbreaker if I could turn the volume lower, but the fact that the I can’t do either is unacceptable.  The other significant issue is that Zoom has terrible security. I won’t install Zoom on my Mac because of previous issues with them secretly installing a web server on installation that  you couldn’t remove through normal means. Recently, they were sending analytics to facebook through the iOS app without asking for permission. And if you’ve been following the news lately, you’ve seen that there are issues with people hijacking Zoom meetings. They’ve recently admitted to their security failings, so now we’ll see how they rectify everything and if it’s all just talk or if they take meaningful action. We’ll see.   Until these things are fixed (volume control and security), I’ll be using Zoom as little as possible (unfortunately in the times of COVID-19, Zoom is unavoidable to use right now). Too bad Apple never did make FaceTime an open standard
无关	To hard to understand  
无关	SEND HELP PLEASEEEEEE  
相关	The Mobil app lacks a lot of important features that the desktop app has.  You can&，39;t do breakout rooms, you can&，39;t do polls, sharing screen doesn&，39;t work and so forth.
无关	Great
相关	No Bluetooth support makes this product a 1 out of 5
无关	Trash
相关	Very difficult holding a image!! Seems to bounce all over the place, cannot get a steady feed from group participants. Wish it was clearer!!!
相关	As Zoom hacks together security, the quality and ease of use goes downhill.   Major outage, Video freezing, Audio freezing June 17 when joining a meeting on a paid account.  Very frustrating.  Audio quality issues earlier this week. Using other solutions on the same computer in same house with no issues.
无关	it works bad and it lags alot, and it hacks your information and steals babys and it sells peruanos very bad.
无关	'OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand'
相关	The UI freezes and becomes unusable
无关	NOT MY FAVORITE
无关	This has been an amazing way to stay in touch with our small group!
无关	Muy útil durante la cuarentena
无关	Makes it great to work during the coronapocalypse!
相关	It works Sign up What&，39;s it for! Asks you for your Birthday ten says your not eligible
无关	Steals data and information (as well as sharing it)!!! Do NOT download; this company has been known to take people’s private information without consent and not even telling you. On mobile, they can even turn your camera on without you knowing!  If you do have this app downloaded or have before, I strongly advise that you give it a rating of one star. This way, they will either change their ways of stealing our info, or even be taken off of the app store. Please consider the consequences of them doing this, and spread the word.
无关	This is helping keep my family connected. Love it. Wish it were just a little longer than 40 minutes. But great nonetheless
相关	it didn’t let me hear anything or didn’t even let me mute myself also made my anxiety worse because of online classes and zoom calls meaning i had to talk if needed or be forced to turn on my camera i think you guys should also be aware of people mental health so uh wut i’m basically trying to say is, i don’t want zoom to exist lol.
无关	Wonderful!
相关	Mobile app is clunky. - When hiding chat messages its only while the screen is activated. Anytime you leave the app and come back they reappear. - The meetings schedule connected to outlook does not mirror outlook on mobile app. The desktop version works perfectly.
相关	If I could give it no stars I would. But since that’s not an option let me you the problems. One the app constantly crashes in the middle of voice calls. I would rather just Skype if that was an option. Anytime I’ve emailed the company about my concerns nothing has been done to fix the problem. Would not recommend  
无关	ZOOM is a very helpful app when I am trying to do online school right now. ZOOM is sorta like Group FaceTime but even better. While we are in this pandemic it is hard to get help front teachers but ZOOM is one of the many apps that gives us the opportunity to communicate when needed
相关	I like that they added filters to iPad because I always wished Zoom added that. I like that you can add your own background if you don’t want the regular ones. I also like that you can share screen so your friends/family can see what you are seeing.
相关	Can we get a gif profile option
相关	I installed zoom on my IPhone  It worked fine the first time I used it after that I kept getting an error code, I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it to see if the update would work. Well it tells me there is another error. Someone needs to get with it and make a product that works, this one doesn’t.
相关	I was surprised to find on credible sources that this app doesn’t support end to end encryption. Really?
无关	We really need Zoom in our time of self isolating for the corona virus! I am just beginning to learn how to use this program.. Thank You for being there!
相关	I can’t join a meeting because my Internet is really bad and won’t let me join the meeting at all and is very important! I tried to log back ing but nothing happened. Please fix. 'pouting_face''pouting_face'
相关	Great software, but still get an echo when an iPhone 5 user is connected to the meeting.
无关	Glitchy
无关	Worth it better than FaceTime
相关	They ain’t letting me register
相关	I could leave breakout room
相关	Since when I have updated to iOS 14 on my iPhone, sometimes when i get a direct call (via SIM carrier) it displays zoom call with some random meeting number as caller ID. But when I go to recent call it’s shows the correct caller ID. I don’t know whether it’s an issue with iOS or zoom app but it’s very annoying...
无关	Please give
相关	I really like all the features that Zoom has: virtual backgrounds, a chat box, a gallery view, two different cameras, you name it! The only bad things are the way it screeches when devices are too close and that it doesn&，39;t allow child accounts.
相关	Doesn’t allow for filters on zoom meeting
无关	Love it- highly recommend using this AP
相关	This is the best app especially because of what is happening right now. This app is great way to communicate and it could have more people join it then FaceTime. Plus u can change your back round name and even share you screen.
无关	It is awesome because it is great to communicate with people and friends
无关	Zoom is by far the best conferencing solution I have ever used! The quality is second to none and the features are always innovative. I would highly suggest Zoom to anyone.
相关	Not letting me sign in
无关	I love this app
相关	Could not get audio on iPad but it worked on phone.
相关	Part of this quarantine/ school at home, was supposed to be stress free. But, when we have zoom meetings many teachers make you show your face. Many kids, including myself, don&，39;t like showing their face. Another thing is many of the meetings have very low quality. There are many glitches, the screens freeze, mics don&，39;t always connect. Its a lot more work than what is needed.
相关	The app is amazing but it missing an important feature, why can’t I add my attendance (audience ) directly!
相关	Sound quality often breaks down, not alway easy to set up or even to sign in and participate.
相关	I really want to be able to use all of the features, but seems that there is an error with setting a new virtual background other than Golden Gate.  Whenever I select photos, the app locks and does no or show any photos. Have to kill the app to use.  Worthless for using a virtual background
无关	There is difficulty hearing at times probably based on internet connection.
相关	Since I have had to work at home, I use Zoom daily and only have one issue. If I use the iPad or iPhone app and I need to screen share, it doesn’t give me the choice BUT to record. Due to the nature of my job, recording is illegal and is causing me to miss important meetings. Is there any way to fix this?
相关	Can not find passcode and will not let you tap the space bar
无关	I love  Zoom
无关	Since the corona virus pandemic we haven’t been able to attend school and this app gives quality service and a good e-learning environment
无关	Zoom has been my saving grace in Covid-19 quarantine. Love how it’s keeping me connected to my community. But now that the dancing world has hopped online, we need to be able to pin multiple people! I’ve heard it from several dancers...we would LOVE IT!!
无关	Zoom is the beat I love it
相关	Loaded app and when I try to sign up ask for a birthday but everything grayed out except for today’s date . Can’t go any further.
无关	I am a real estate agent and zoom allowed for us to continue to have training and meeting during COVID19
无关	Donna Travis
相关	The app does not support sharing basic applications like Evernote. This makes a screen share pretty useless
相关	I am asking that all zoom conference calls be unlimited time during the mass quarantine. I am begging for this life saving tool to open its heart to us.  Thankyou for considering  Leslie ONeil Peters  508-733-1831
相关	I am having issues with the app on my iPad and iPhone. The app works on my iMac. When I reached out for support because I couldn’t find answer online I was told they would not help. I have deleted on reinstalled numerous time with out success. Very disappointing.
无关	It is nice to be able to dance with my group when having to stay home
无关	This app has kept me sane during lockdown. Love it!
无关	Thank you
相关	Hope it&，39;s temporary, but the app&，39;s unusable without the confirmation email.  Update: Apparently they&，39;re swamped with new account requests and things are just bogged down. If I could delete this review I would, but since I can&，39;t I&，39;m updating my rating because they don&，39;t deserve my uninformed opinion dragging them down.  Maybe I&，39;ll change it again once I&，39;m on the air 'slightly_smiling_face'  
相关	I recently got sick and joined a web meeting with my CEO &amp; 20 Senior Leadership colleagues. My Zoom app clearly said “Your microphone is muted”. I made no attempt to curb my sniffling, snorting, hacking, coughing, dry heaving (and worse)... After about 15 minutes, the host stopped the meeting to ask if I was ok and requested that I please mute my line (Again- the Zoom app said I WAS muted). I couldn’t have been more embarrassed and hope that others who might use this app can plan accordingly regarding any unplanned bodily noises that could compromise your experience.  
无关	What will we do without you???'hugging_face'
无关	We have been using zoom to keep in contact with our family and friends and we also know we have friends all around the world that are also using zoom in these horrible nightmare days of this covid 19 pandemic that has hit the world. I just cannot THANK THE DEVELOPERS ENOUGH FOR CREATING SUCH A LIFE SAVING TOOL for us all to enjoy and use.  Kudo’s to you !!!
无关	The creator of this app deserves the Nobel Peace Prize! In this very uncertain time where we must stay inside, I’m extremely grateful for Zoom allowing me to still meet for my graduate school courses. Zoom is awesome!
无关	Vấn đề bảo mật tệ hại
无关	Terrific App, excellent video and easy to use
无关	Great technology especially during these times. I appreciate being able to connect with my Emaus sisters and brothers. Our Lord will bless you
相关	We need to have the dark mode...
相关	Never had problems until yesterday person sending invite can see me but I cannot see them or hear them what needs be done
相关	Wow, always loved Zoom for the best video conferencing platform and their chat was good too and now with all the new features (which highly resemble what you can do with slack), Zoom has it all!  You can stick files/images in the content folder now for yourself and share directly with groups or individuals. You can search your files or chats to easily look something up too. Creating groups (think channels for slack) is easy and the naming is better than slack. Best is that you can just click once and start a video or audio meeting directly from the chat.   I used to use the plugin Zoom has for slack so that I could video conference with my slack contacts but I see no reason to do that now. Switching over to Zoom. Nice work Zoom, you keep innovating faster than we can catch up!
相关	I look forward to seeing more options available for editing of sessions and camera control
无关	Best way to communicate in the internet!
无关	Excellent communication tool
相关	I would love it to be able to split the screen on my iPad when using this app!
相关	I can’t use virtual background on my iPad please fix this
无关	Ruined my school experience. Poor environment for the students. An absolute disaster to work through.  
相关	Wish it didn’t time out at 40 mins but then Again - meetings should never be longer than that ;)
相关	Its a good app but it gets really glitchy and lags sometimes. People freeze at random times and it is not very protective.but It has a lot of high points as well.other then that I really like it and think it’s pretty cool
无关	Zoom is easy to use and highly reliable!
