Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	It is such a relief to interact with colleagues face to face after. staying in place to work. Afriye	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	We love it to stay connected in our time of quarantine.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	It’s ok.	无关
Renamed User Types	Beware. Worst customer support ever. These guys at Zoom have been charging us for an add-on that we purchased a while ago, but they won’t let us cancel it. Their website keeps telling us to “contact billing support to cancel”, and we have been trying to contact their billing support for 4 weeks. 4 weeks! We have tried emailing them multiple times, calling them multiple times, chatting with them thru live chat, everything... and they keep saying “billing support is helping other customers. We will get back to you ASAP.” We have been waiting for 4 weeks for them to get back to us, and we keep reaching back out to them to no avail. These guys are bordering on fraudulent. Now we have to dispute these charged with out credit card, and will need to get lawyers involved if necessary.	无关
Dark mode support	Zoom can access your camera at any time and in the past they had worse issues before	无关
View contact card and presence	Steals data, turns on your webcam whenever.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Thank you to ZOOM for allowing us to all be connected during this pandemic. God bless every single one of you behind the scenes.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	worst app i’ve downloaded, didn’t work, should be taken off the app store, the quality of this app is so bad it’s criminal	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	I use zoom on my pc with the best graphics card and it still is such bad quality.	无关
Dark mode support	This is the worst meeting platform I have ever seen it is impossible to use google meet is far better	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Love this app just wish I could hear better? Any suggestions for muting people ? But adding music!	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Excellent service	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	This has been an amazing way to stay in touch with our small group!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This is extremely helpful for school because they are shutting down. Darn you coronavirus	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	I tried all solutions out there. This one is my favorite! It works every time.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Must I say more	无关
Apple CarPlay support	You can call out from your CarPlay unit, but you can’t join a conference. So instead you have to keep looking down to your phone to hit the button to speak, rather than being able to use the CarPlay interface...why?	相关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Great apps	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	i have school meetings on zoom and it’s really laggy and could barely understand what my professor was saying	无关
Quote messages	This platform has been a lifeline to our school who is working so hard to deliver a remote learning to our kids and families.	无关
Renamed User Types	Not good app	无关
Dark mode support	No	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Doesn’t work I don’t recommend it	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Wonderful!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	You can have meetings with tons of useful features.	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Very useful tool!	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Takes data without telling us	无关
Dark mode support	With zoom  I can talk to my teacher and friends	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Yes I’m Haik’USA Facebook login app	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	This app has been a life saver for my wellness business. I am working with clients individually, hosting classes, and seeing friends and family while we are all socially distancing. The quality and ease of use is great!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	So many meetings in short time, so helpful, and so allowing us to get business done even amidst the most challenging conditions.  Kudos to all the developers for making this product- and for making it accessible.	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	It’s good and everything thing so yea but it’s freaking school	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Multi-person video conferencing function is amazing, wonderful how the person talking is highlighted. Every feature works perfectly and is well designed - ease of scheduling video conferencing, ease of sharing and connecting across platforms, intuitive controls. Seems like a very put together developer - assuming they don’t wreck it with updates that degrade the user experience, Zoom will be a household word worldwide. Thank you for such an excellent app.	无关
Dark mode support	From tiktok	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Zoom is making it possible for me, and thousands of other business owners stay alive during this time. Thank you 'folded_hands'	无关
Quote messages	It’s ok. Somewhat cumbersome and temperamental.  Difficult to arrange a background picture to your meeting.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	This app is stealing yore information pls don’t download	无关
Renamed User Types	Today was our first time holding a zoom meeting! It was fantastic! We got to share ides and questions for an hour and a halfway.  Thank you!!!!	无关
Mark a message as Unread	After using this great app for two weeks, it doesn’t work anymore!!! What should I do? What’s the problem? My students have been waiting for the classes!	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	This app can see your information...	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app is super Gucci and I 'red_heart_selector' it. It is very useful.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Perfect, thank you!	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Bad	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This is wonderful! Using technology to keep in touch. Fantastic!	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Awesome App!!!!	无关
View contact card and presence	Muy bueno y práctico	无关
Mute channel notifications	I came for TikTok	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	I hate school	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app steals our information from any open apps or tabs(if you use a computer) and also has access to turn on our cameras even if we are not using the app. The app takes data from your device and shares it with Facebook, never use this app it is terrible.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Eehheeeye	无关
Quote messages	The zoom app is perfect for our Morning Prayer group. Other then the feedback when we recite verses together it’s perfect. Would rather be meeting at church but Zoom gives us a the opportunity to meet together and start the day.'thumbs_up_light_skin_tone''folded_hands'	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Excellent program. Good definition and friendly user. Thanks.	无关
Support for filters on iOS	My sister has fun zoom filters on her laptop. I have an iPad and can’t seem to find those. And my zoom is updated. Where can I find those? Thank you.	相关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	I would love it to be able to split the screen on my iPad when using this app!	相关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Does not work and hard to use	无关
Mute channel notifications	Nice app. Works smoothly	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	It shares data and steals info without your consent.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	5004怎么解决？经常连不上	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Eg	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zoom has been great for me over the whole corona virus outbreak! I can stay in touch with teachers,friends, and family!'beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes'	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Not enough instruction how to use app	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I will give 5 stars when this app gets GoPro live compatibility	无关
Quote messages	During this pandemic it is the closest thing to human connection to exist.	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Kickass. I’d like to work for zoom	无关
Support keyboard shortcuts during a meeting for iPads with an external keyboard connected	It results that on an iPad Pro, when on a call using BT headphones and BT keyboard (magic keyboard) it stops recognizing the inputs on the keyboard. So if you want to take notes while on a call on any other app, you are dead.  I can’t think of how to use this to share screen as well.. it will be a nightmare...  Please fix this.. this is what is stopping me to move to iPad only. Can risk the calls..	相关
Quote messages	So you have been sharing our info with facebook and you are turning on our camera when ever you want. And also, you have been going threw other windows and stealing data without consent.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Amazing App!	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Terrible	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Multi-person video conferencing function is amazing, wonderful how the person talking is highlighted. Every feature works perfectly and is well designed - ease of scheduling video conferencing, ease of sharing and connecting across platforms, intuitive controls. Seems like a very put together developer - assuming they don’t wreck it with updates that degrade the user experience, Zoom will be a household word worldwide. Thank you for such an excellent app.	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	This video meeting app works well enough. The virtual backgrounds are nice, and the microphones and videos usually work the way they’re supposed to. On an iPad, though, you have fewer options then on a computer. The main accessories that Zoom does not allow on an iPad are remote control, (you can move the mouse that appears on-screen, but you can’t do anything else, not click, not select, nothing), whiteboard, (it shows up and you get colors, but not nearly as many as you get on a computer. I would love it if you added a color wheel), and breakout rooms (You can go into them but they don’t show up in the menu). I always use my iPad for Zoom meetings, but I feel I am not getting the full expirence. Also, when you do Zoom online, you can have moving virtual backgrounds, but those don’t exist on the app. If you could change all this, this rating would go up to five stars faster then you can say “Zoom”. But for now, you get two.	相关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Well it is pretty good app it glitches a lot	无关
Renamed User Types	Wow it is amazing! Great way to interact, and intuitive. A very nice tool to conduct business from afar!	无关
Mark a message as Unread	good	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	It’s frickin bad	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Great app. First time user. Thanks!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Watch out for the hackers.	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	this is happening because they are now run by Facebook and Facebook can take any data from this app if they want. They can sell it, delete it, and just take it from you! This is not good and very much an invasion of mine and your privacy	无关
Dark mode support	It’s like Facebook, everybody and their mom are using it. Honestly, don’t listen to all those one star haters. If your having any doubts, read about it in the New York Times, tweet Elon Musk, or just google their Wikipedia page.	无关
Dark mode support	I use this app for online school, but now that I&，39;ve heard that they use whatever window you have open on your laptop, I don&，39;t think this will happen again.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	The sound was so bad I could not stay in. Things had to be accomplished outside of this app. Worthless.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	NOT MY FAVORITE	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	This app has been shown to steal you information and sell it to Facebook. Also, it can randomly turn on your camera! That’s creepy! And to top it all off, it’s able to take any information it pleases from any open tabs or windows from your device, and do whatever it wants with it. Don’t believe me? Research it!	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	This app is awesome you can do so much with this contributing to educational purposes.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Zoom: It’s a most valuable app that I ever used and it’s worth it. Must try it!!!	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Ur a simp	无关
Quote messages	Not working	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Sorry y’all	无关
View contact card and presence	It’s overwhelming okay	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	During the social distancing it helps keep in touch with people and with teachers best thing to have right now!'smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes'	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	ok	无关
Mute channel notifications	Great quality and easy to use!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	ok	无关
Mute channel notifications	It’s a life saver	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	It steals you’re information and they can turn your camera on whenever.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Excellent service	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Yea!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	shares information with facebook and hacks into your camera whenever. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND	无关
View contact card and presence	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Thank you so Zoom. It’s awesome	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Zoom steals information and gives it to Facebook without any sort of consent. It can also steal information from any other open windows on your laptop. I suggest other apps such as Skype or any other apps of the sort.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	It is wonderful!	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Excellent communication tool	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	Ugh	无关
Co-annotate during screen	03-21-2-I don’t understand why I can’t see the same controls that some of my participants have. I can’t change the background or “co-annotate” when I am moderating, as I read in the preview before downloading. Paid $14.99 to try so I can work with my 5th graders. This won’t do at all.	相关
View contact card and presence	Love this app, easy to use!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	I use it.i am a free American.You can use it to.'smiling_face_with_halo''grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes'	无关
Renamed User Types	The stream keeps lagging.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Excellent app	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Great app. First time user. Thanks!	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	I’ve been a part of Zion meetings quite a few times now and have found them helpful for communication with others, thank you for having this available for use !	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	The stream keeps lagging.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	haha you really thoght this was a review but this is an awesome app	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Thank you ZOOM!!	无关
Dark mode support	I absolutely hate this app. I am very passionate about hating this app. The reason I hate this app is because I have to see and communicate with my teachers and pupils I hate with a passion. DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Me do school it is good zoom	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I was able to do this with my limited technology skills.  I need it for school and the app made it very doable.	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	good	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	tik tok sent me	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	It totally changed my perspective about working online, and has given me a very rewarding experience. As an app it is easy to follow the instructions, and it has the best quality.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Great software....	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	good	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Really appreciate the customer friendly design fir those of us who are not techies!	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	stupid	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	It’s ok.	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	I tell you Zoom. Is the. Revelation. In  our time	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Teacher flashed our class	无关
Quote messages	The CEO of Zoom allowed free and unrestricted access to Zoom to educators during this crisis and it has kept everyone afloat. Thank you.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	I love zoom it has high quality and it is my favorite app I have downloaded	无关
Realtime whiteboard collaboration and whiteboard during screen sharing (iPad)	This video meeting app works well enough. The virtual backgrounds are nice, and the microphones and videos usually work the way they’re supposed to. On an iPad, though, you have fewer options then on a computer. The main accessories that Zoom does not allow on an iPad are remote control, (you can move the mouse that appears on-screen, but you can’t do anything else, not click, not select, nothing), whiteboard, (it shows up and you get colors, but not nearly as many as you get on a computer. I would love it if you added a color wheel), and breakout rooms (You can go into them but they don’t show up in the menu). I always use my iPad for Zoom meetings, but I feel I am not getting the full expirence. Also, when you do Zoom online, you can have moving virtual backgrounds, but those don’t exist on the app. If you could change all this, this rating would go up to five stars faster then you can say “Zoom”. But for now, you get two.	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Very Good!!!	无关
Mute channel notifications	and this app	无关
Renamed User Types	The meeting kept on freezing on us. Most of us were like in different times due to the poor quality	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Its better than google meet	无关
Support mandatory SSO login	I can’t seem to log in and get into a meet what is SSO too I can’t hear the audio too	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	no	无关
Dark mode support	they’re selling ur info to facebook n it’s not even in the privacy policy, shady.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Eehheeeye	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Yes	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Excelente aplicación. Todavía no la manejo completamente. Gracias	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	I use Zoom daily as it is just plain easy to use. Makes doing business easy anywhere, anytime, anyplace.	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	This app steals your information and sells it just a little fyi	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school	无关
Mark a message as Unread	It is making my computer do weird stuff	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	There sharing all our Info with face book	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	I am saying Awesome	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Something good has come out of this Corona virus. Our church needed a way to connect and Zoom has been a big help even for a small congregation.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I can’t seem to join ANY meetings. And it’s pissing me off.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	IT IS AWESOME NO PROBLEMS AT ALL	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Rocks!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Thank you so very much for making this available to all of us. It has helped so many who are lonely and feel helpless. Is has also been a wonderful too for those of us who are missing our friends and family.	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	app hay đó nhưng mà có chức năng để giáo viên kiu em lúc em đang đi vs nên e hong vui	无关
Gallery view on iPad	We use this tool For our Webinars at VIPKID. It’s great!	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	，10 per month to get a simple blood pressure chart (scatter plot), which was given for free, shows this company’s greed.   It’s a great chart to analyze your blood pressure; now I have to use Excel.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Worked awesome We had a gathering with our friends Social distancing	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	My rítmica gymnast teacher send me this app and is so good	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I don’t like it.'unamused_face''turtle'	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Thankfully so much. From Concepcion-Chile	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	When I'm on the road, I use this app to keep in touch with my coworkers and clients. Amazing.	无关
Renamed User Types	Kickass. I’d like to work for zoom	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Very useful tool!	无关
Dark mode support	Very bad privacy and is not safe for anyone to use.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Great app to keep every having they recovery during quarantine.	无关
Dark mode support	Simply recommendable..LIKE	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Ruined my school experience. Poor environment for the students. An absolute disaster to work through.	无关
Quote messages	This app has been sharing all of our information and stealing our data	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	It’s amazing and so timely!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	it has been proven that they can open up your microphone, camera, and data on your computer, phone, or whatever else you use. NOT COOL ZOOM, NOT COOL.	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Really thankful that I’m able to meet with my friends and see everyone. I don’t feel so isolated, this is helping cope with all the social isolation. 'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Thank you	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	The sound and video buffered and some of the participants fell off.	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	This app is stealing yore information pls don’t download	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Boffo at the box office!	无关
View contact card and presence	Kekeke	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Great idea when it works	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Nothing can compare to this app. Simply put! It works and unlimited amount of features  am studying Kabbalah with BB Kabbalah.info and we asked for so much new features and they always provided with upmost professionalism and customer care! Just an unbelievably company! Thank you Zoom!!! Y’all are the top of the top of the most ever!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Really good app.would recommend to anyone.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	It’s an ok app but I think it’s a bit to complicated and I tried to do it on my laptop but it just won’t let me so I had to download it on my iPad and that’s why I don’t like it	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	No video available	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom has allowed huge numbers of people to communicate together! We are all getting things done in a new time. I acknowledge Zoom&，39;s creators for their brilliance!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	We have been using zoom to keep in contact with our family and friends and we also know we have friends all around the world that are also using zoom in these horrible nightmare days of this covid 19 pandemic that has hit the world. I just cannot THANK THE DEVELOPERS ENOUGH FOR CREATING SUCH A LIFE SAVING TOOL for us all to enjoy and use.  Kudo’s to you !!!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	A!!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Quote messages	To hard to understand	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Da kine	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	dhhdhx	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Thank you so much for this app. It is super cool!	无关
Renamed User Types	Very nice way to connect in this time of isolation.  We need each other’s laughter.	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	The App was easy to use once loaded properly.	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Wow it is amazing! Great way to interact, and intuitive. A very nice tool to conduct business from afar!	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	NOT MY FAVORITE	无关
Renamed User Types	Cuando trato de ingresar a mi cuenta, siempre me saca con el error 403	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	I’m thinking it’s possible that this app is a blessing from our God Jehovah. I’m able to stay in contact with my precious, spiritual brothers and sisters (even though it’s only virtual contact). It allows me to have an interchange of encouragement and love with my world wide family of “Witnesses of Jehovah”. Just what’s needed during this covid lockdown/social distancing and during these “...critical times hard to deal with...”  2 Timothy 3:1	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Sometimes I don’t know the password or stuff like that to sign in	无关
View contact card and presence	It’s a life saver	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Great quality and good sound	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Application is working  extremely well for remote working during C-19.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Now because if this, we have school while we’re supposed to be at home vibing	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	5004怎么解决？经常连不上	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Howdy! So, when I did it, it glitches a LOT but I love it 'smiling_face_with_heart-eyes' it is very complicated and you have enter a code. I use this for school and it is so 'smiling_face_with_sunglasses' 'folded_hands'	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Opportunity in Adversity	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	No	无关
Mute channel notifications	While on quarantine because of Covid-19. I am able to stay active while doing online classes with all my friends.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Vấn đề bảo mật tệ hại	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	Could you please add Split View support for the iPad?  Thank you.	相关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	This app is simply a MUST!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	The sound was so bad I could not stay in. Things had to be accomplished outside of this app. Worthless.	无关
Waiting Room specific chime heard when participants join Waiting Room	Zoom has been a great tool for teaching.  I wish that you could develop better controls to know/see who is in the waiting room. Even with using passwords, waiting room, and naming devices, you still can’t be sure who is joining the meeting until they are in.   Kids have figured out that they only need to identify their device with the name of someone in your class and they can still ‘bomb’ the meeting.  Doesn’t happen often, but does occasionally.	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	No video available	无关
Quote messages	Wish the iPad version had the same features as the Computer version.	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Steals info	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app is awesome. A great way to meet with employees, and family members. A must have app	无关
Quote messages	I do not recommend this application . Their privacy practices are nightmares. Zero protection or care of consumer data or privacy.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom is a great app but the host has WAY to much power!!!	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	aAMAZInHGGGgGgggG	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	bad quality not good and laggy	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	This app is awesome. A great way to meet with employees, and family members. A must have app	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	I have scheduled 2 meetings and folks can’t join because they get message that I’m on another mtg when I’m on the mtg they need to join.   I reinvented and then folks could join and I did both mtgs.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	It’s frickin bad	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	This is a perfect app for private 12 step recovery ( Alcoholics Anonymous) Mtgs easy flexible can scan all members in the virtual room with sound and plenty adjustment s   As  You May imagine . Someone who let’s say been sober for 35 yrs with habit doing dif Mtgs nearly ea week . Not just to get sober after 3 decades but to stay sober and more importantly clean house help others rid of the hell! Keep piece mind .  This is new even for 85 yr old program like “ - -“ 12 step program .its never ever happened even WWI VIETNAM.  9 11 not same . So if you know someone in recovery or should be , this is good news  Actually you have a fam member either in or will be  One of every 5 . 7. People are practicing some addiction alcohol or drug. Or in recovery it’s a huge club and being retired admin criminal just administrator and substance abuse counselor sponsor / coach .  To 48 % Med drs dentists are in rec or will be  Lawyers even higher %clergy too  The good news is even the worst hopelessly drunk /addict can recover  And your little app will contribute to primary purpose we have “ stay clean &amp; sober , and help others achieve sobriety ! Its reasonable for me to assume this was a  much better review than you’ve been accustomed to receive . It’s with genuine sincerity this review is not overstated 'camel'	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	the will steal info and data	无关
Dark mode support	Terrific App, excellent video and easy to use	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Horrible just horrible	无关
Renamed User Types	There’s nothing wrong with zoom but a lot of times apps like this have more features so there’s nothing wrong it just could better	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Great experience, easy to learn, widely accepted.  I highly recommend the app.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	I could not here and I had to go through so much to get help.	无关
Mute channel notifications	This app is so easy to use, I started using this app after the covid 19 started happening because my dance classes were canceled and we had to do them online. It is so fun to be able to still be in touch with people but not get sick. It’s really easy to join In to the calls you just have to put in a few numbers and join!!!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Works well for meetings.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Worth it better than FaceTime	无关
Mute channel notifications	0/10	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Zoom makes meetings fun	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Best way to communicate in the internet!	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	I continue to be impressed with the quality of this platform.  I just completed a 1 1/2 hour conversation with a dozen people, as if we were sitting together in the same room.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Thank you ZOOM!!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Not enough volume... other than that perfect	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Not good My information is compromised	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	send e mail code	无关
Mute channel notifications	Great!!!	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Great software....	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	这个是企业购买的吧，我们公司买了，个人就可以注册了，我也不知道说的对不	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Not enough volume... other than that perfect	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	This app has been proven to take our data and sell it without our permission. We must stand against this . This app is an invasion of privacy .	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	this is disgusting.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Thanks AA, AlAnon, and church are using zoom. I’m even sharing it with my family.	无关
Mute channel notifications	I am a real estate agent and zoom allowed for us to continue to have training and meeting during COVID19	无关
Dark mode support	Kewser	无关
Dark mode support	It helps me communicate very well with my classmates and teachers in my school online	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	The app sells your data and can turn on your cam when ever it wants. DONT GET!	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	I love this app but when you have a big group of people it glitches  Very useful please fix this	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Vmxmhxtjztk	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Loving every minute of happy hours with friends and work meetings during this quarantine!	无关
Renamed User Types	It is making my computer do weird stuff	无关
Quote messages	Laggy, bad audio, just flat out disgusting... not funny didn’t laugh	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	It’s laggy	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	This app is a big no for me.	无关
View contact card and presence	Vmxmhxtjztk	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Excelente aplicación. Todavía no la manejo completamente. Gracias	无关
Renamed User Types	Don’t install zoom and accept  their privacy policy because they invade you’re privacy,please go read their privacy policy!!!!!!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Steals information without telling you about it and can sell information about you and share it online on Facebook	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	I need tech help	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Please give	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	It’s good	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Great UI	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Bad	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zoom is great it lets my kids learn during this pandemic and I just want to thank zoom	无关
Gallery view on iPad	this app it’s awesome!	无关
Dark mode support	Love this app, easy to use!	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	reliability	无关
Renamed User Types	Used this for a job interview and it wouldn’t work, constant audio issues, even though my speakers work, and connection problems with colleagues attempting to join the meeting.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	I was able to do this with my limited technology skills.  I need it for school and the app made it very doable.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Ok idk	无关
Quote messages	SEND HELP PLEASEEEEEE	无关
View contact card and presence	Discord ，1!!!	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	It has same as chinese	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	User friendly... even those who are not computer savvy i.e. (Elderly) are able to grasp the fundamentals of this application.  During a time when staying close to loved ones and friends is increasingly difficult, this app is wonderful, Timely and needed.	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Has been a extremely helpful app in keeping our office and field workers in know during this Coronavirus Pandemic.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	bad app	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Simply recommendable..LIKE	无关
Accessibility fixes for keyboards	I’ve always loved this app - it was easy to use and I appreciated being able to set up meetings on the fly. I just opened the app for the first time in a while to schedule a meeting and I can’t access the keyboard. Did something happen in a recent update?	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Yh	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	5004怎么解决？经常连不上	无关
Quote messages	Steals info	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Takes your data and can see through your camera while recording	无关
Quote messages	It was pretty good	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	IT IS AWESOME NO PROBLEMS AT ALL	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Shame on you	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Hhhhh	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	Must I say more	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	I can still have my Bible study during this difficult time . It is very encouraging ! It is different , but not difficult to set up . I would recommend using it ! Thank You .	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	This is horrible and teachers should NEVER use this app	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Saving my work life during COVID.  A thousand thanks!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Zoom helps make meetings easier to attend. No traveling, no wasted time. Zoom is respectful of my precious time.	无关
Invite H.323/SIP room system to the meeting	Downloaded Zoom recently and wow! The mobile, tablet and desktop app is very easy to use and a breeze to navigate through. Once you\'re on a Zoom meeting, webinar or \"zoom room\" the QUALITY of video & audio is second to none. Love that it is software-based so my participants/audience can join in from their desktop, laptop, mobile device, tablet and even H.323/SIP room systems. It\'s all cloud based so my viewers can join worldwide! Lastly, the collaborated environment Zoom\'s application provides is essential to any business meeting since you are able to screen share seamlessly, share high quality video & audio, annotate, cloud record, local record and so much more! Great company with a solution that will truly be the frontrunner in this space!	相关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Hhhhh	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Stop selling our information and stealing our information weirdos.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	It allows me to see my friends from my home	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Thanks for this open connection to allow meetings of many to learn & grow thru this service'heart_suit_selector''folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone'	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Very nice way to connect in this time of isolation.  We need each other’s laughter.	无关
Renamed User Types	Loving this app for meetings with my social groups !	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	This is a wonderful technology!  I am really learning it!  Wayne/	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Don’t download at all	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Ugh	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	It won’t show the virtual backgrounds, the studio beta, and the video effects options on zoom when I use it on my iPhone 7.	相关
Quote messages	As above	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	My teacher put us to use this app so I decided to get this at 1 star to get it out of App Store	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	Many of us take notes digitally - either by typing into a word document or handwritten using a stylus. Zoom doesn’t allow us to use iPad’s spit screen capabilities.  This forces us to use more than one device to watch online lecture broadcasts and take notes (if we have another, that is).  I would uninstall this in a heartbeat if it weren’t for my class/university using Zoom as a primary medium. It is a shame! There are better alternative programs out there. They had to pick one that is missing basic features.  Split-screen was implemented on iPad devices years ago. Zoom is the only app on my device that won’t allow it.. Appalling.  Furthermore, the volume controls are horrible. I set output volume to the LOWEST possible setting, and it is still ear-splittingly loud.	相关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	If everyone that sees this votes 1 star it will be tacken off the apple play store	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Works every time...	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Worth it better than FaceTime	无关
Renamed User Types	This app is very buggy and hard to talk to groups. Unless everyone is muted, there is a very annoying echo and glitches	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	worst app i’ve downloaded, didn’t work, should be taken off the app store, the quality of this app is so bad it’s criminal	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Doesn’t work I don’t recommend it	无关
Mark a message as Unread	This app can see your information...	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Zoom is a great way to speak to a group and get great feedback. I will recommend this app to everyone who is a business owner.	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Stealin my info	无关
Mark a message as Unread	The greatest achievement in this century	无关
Dark mode support	Nobody downloads the App, They send your data to Facebook	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	It was pretty good	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Could not figure out how to show more people on first screen. Wanted to move myself to second screen. Could not figure out how to show just active speaker. Is there help available. Meeting Settings did not help much.	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	Look, I like Zoom. I can use it to stay in touch with friends, and now I can use it for school, but where’s the virtual background option on the iPad? When I press the “more” button where it is on the iPhone, it’s not there. It shows reactions, minimize meeting, settings, (not in settings either) and chat. It doesn’t say “virtual background” anywhere. How am I supposed to show my face, without showing my room now? Please fix this issue, or at least tell me how to activate virtual backgrounds on iPads.	相关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I really enjoy zoom because in this tuff time when we can not go see our loved ones this app is a good way to see everyone.	无关
Basic users will now be warned if they schedule a meeting longer than 40 minutes through the Zoom client or mobile app.	Zoom makes me mad . It will let you be on the zoom for 37 minutes then give you a 10 minute warning and it jus ends after . I don’t like how it end like that .	相关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	stupid	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Whether for business or families in these times of “shelter in place”, I recommend highly using zoom.  Our BSF group has continued without missing a beat.  Our family “meets” in the evenings...not the same, of course but nearly so	无关
Renamed User Types	Camera quality with many is poor and there are many glitches in it :/	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Stupid	无关
Reconnect option	If you are using EarPods, and if it fall down then when you reconnect, you can’t hear any sound.	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	This app it amazing I highly recommend for video chats with friends or online family get to geather’s	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Gay as fucj	无关
View contact card and presence	So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent	无关
Quote messages	Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	We have been using zoom to keep in contact with our family and friends and we also know we have friends all around the world that are also using zoom in these horrible nightmare days of this covid 19 pandemic that has hit the world. I just cannot THANK THE DEVELOPERS ENOUGH FOR CREATING SUCH A LIFE SAVING TOOL for us all to enjoy and use.  Kudo’s to you !!!	无关
Renamed User Types	Dgbxg Mesa	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	This app has kept me sane during lockdown. Love it!	无关
Dark mode support	Awesome App!!!!	无关
Quote messages	Have used app at least once a week and very happy with the quality. Thanks!	无关
Renamed User Types	Best way to communicate in the internet!	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Most reliable video conferencing app I have ever used on iPhone.	无关
Mute channel notifications	Very confusing and who knows how to get it on my MacBook Air. These things should be dummy proof but that’s to easy.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	I wouldn’t waste my time with this	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Thank you Zoom creators! Who knew that it would be my only means of face to face interaction?  Zoom is easy to learn, easy to use, and my favorite means to teleconference, especially with multiple people.	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	This app is AMAZING! It’s like FaceTime but even MORE people can join! This app is COMPLETELY THE BEST APP I HAVE IN MY OPINION!	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Gay as fucj	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	I think zoom is great doing this time with the coronvirus because we can not visit family members. We can see family members and talk to them with ZOOM and be safe and away from crowds at the same time.  Love it !!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Whether for business or families in these times of “shelter in place”, I recommend highly using zoom.  Our BSF group has continued without missing a beat.  Our family “meets” in the evenings...not the same, of course but nearly so	无关
Dark mode support	The sound and video buffered and some of the participants fell off.	无关
Mute channel notifications	Happy. To use	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Excelente aplicación!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Garbage	无关
Added webinar attendee support	I usually attend zoominars using my IPad mini. The only problem I&#39;ve experienced so far is that the Safari browser will not play audio while a Zoom session is active. Note, the same is true for the Apple OS X app. This issue shouldn&#39;t effect most users because it&#39;s probably rare that a Zoom webinar attendee must participate in an active session while simultaneously viewing a film on a website.	相关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	What an excellent tool!	无关
Dark mode support	This us just what we needed to make my aunts birthday special during Covid-19 lockdown. Awesome!!!	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Corrupt	无关
Dark mode support	Grateful to be able to minister across the world with this amazing tool. God bless you.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Thank you so much for this app. It is super cool!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Sorry to bother me again but I’ll let him know when he is back home I just got home and I just got home ooops was oothe I was ootiutiruriuroiryririu I was going to go get you something I love coming in to go to work I’ll get home I love love to love and miss love you and I’ll talk with my love and I’ll talk with my love love until my love you have my love and love to talk and talk with my love and I hope I got your phone I got you something and you something I was sorry for the night and you talk me and I’ll let me play and talk about you I know that I am not sorry you and talk talk about me I was so excited and you were feeling sorry to me sorry to say I just talk sorry love to you sorry for that I love love to talk to bother people I’ll talk with my love and talk about you and talk to talk talk about to talk about it and	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Nice app. Works smoothly	无关
Mute channel notifications	It steals you’re information and they can turn your camera on whenever.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	good	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Zoom has been found to have lied about their implementation of end-to-end encryption. They also were selling data to Facebook, contrary to their privacy policy. There are also security risks associated with Zoom. For this purpose, I believe they should be taken off the App Store until all risks are resolved.	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	This app has been a life saver for my wellness business. I am working with clients individually, hosting classes, and seeing friends and family while we are all socially distancing. The quality and ease of use is great!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Great	无关
Quote messages	Zooms privacy policy is not public at all and has been known to sell your data to Facebook. It’s also accesses you camera without your phone on and pulls any data it can get from open apps on your phone. If you were to ignore that’s this app is spying on you, Zoom using tour camera while it’s off can also shorten batterie life and make you phone slower. Zoom on your computer can also have zoom spy on you. It always has access to your phone webcam and will take data from any pen tabs there are, this can include your bank account, email, work, and personal data. Then Facebook buys it and can use it for any and all purposes. Lastly if you are using this app for online school you can tell your teacher that you wish to stop using zoom and use this argument to explain why. If you need prof there are many articles on zooms dishonest tactics. Then ask you teacher for a new form of online school.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Terrible	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	can’t hear or see anyone	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	THIS APP WILL STEAL YOUR DATA FROM OPEN WINDOWS ON YOUR DIVICE AND GIVE IT TO FACEBOOK. START A PETITION TO GET IT DOWN TO ONE STAR AND TAKEN OFF THE APP STORE. THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	I love the quality when I am mobile and taking meetings in the car...	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Wonderful way to communicate actually seeing others!	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	AWSOME GAME :0	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Gallery view on iPad	For students'raised_fist_light_skin_tone'	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app is really awesome!!!! I love that I get to see my friends and talk to them during this time of the Coronavirus. It’s a really fun app.	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	I Like Zoom. I like in meetings how students and teachers can share their screen and do virtual backgrounds. It’s good for school and just FaceTiming your loved ones. I recommend this app. It’s good for all sorts of things.	相关
Custom languages for language interpretation	What an awesome tool to keep friends and family in touch during this tragic time.  Thank you, Zoom!	无关
Quote messages	it's one of my favorite apps	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	It’s good	无关
Support polling for meetings	The Mobil app lacks a lot of important features that the desktop app has.  You can&#39;t do breakout rooms, you can&#39;t do polls, sharing screen doesn&#39;t work and so forth.	相关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Your teachers give to much homework.	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	What an excellent tool!	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	this app it’s awesome!	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	To talk to them during fortnight no mike just zoom	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	It’s so AMAZING to connect with our Meetup friends via Zoom during this time of isolation!  Thanks to everyone at Zoom &amp; Meetup for making this available to us in our time of need!  Carol A. Taylor  Meetup Organizer	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	dhhdhx	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Zero rating due to issues connecting and no assistance with the app	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Had so much fun.'grinning_face''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''grinning_squinting_face'	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app is a butt'thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone''thumbs_down_medium-dark_skin_tone'	无关
Support mandatory SSO login	Here are the bugs that I found so far:  1. For some meeting, “Delete” options are gone. 2. Very poor supports for sso log in, especially you have an old account before. 3. Every time, you save an edit on your meeting, the url link is changed, even though your meeting id remains unchanged.	相关
Remove Unmute All option	We use the unmute all at the end of our meetings to make it easier. You guys just made this app even harder to use. Other than that it&#39;s an ok app. Thank you	相关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	tiktok	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Are u guys trying to ruin our lives with this	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Trash	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Saving my work life during COVID.  A thousand thanks!	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	A major joy has been a regular weekly breakfast with my group of mostly Sunday School friends which began years ago. We are now in the most vulnerable age group.  Zoom has meant that we can still “meet” &amp; get to see &amp; hear— and not be isolated (i. e. lonely).  We love it!  Thank you, Zoom!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	I think it’s good but it’s to glitchy I can never hear what a person is saying most of the time and I think you should make it kind of like google classroom with class work	无关
Mark a message as Unread	I think its a good app for the most part but I don’t like how you can only talk to people in your class ......by :Unicorns ipad(hands off!)	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	It’s lit	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	watched someone forget to mute their mic and get into a screaming match with someone else in the room while having a completely straight face. Stay inside flatten the curve.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Takes your data and can see through your camera while recording	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	'grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'just like se it 'frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''frog_face''nerd_face'	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Everyone loves this app, do they know how their personal data is shared? Deleted.	无关
Dark mode support	What will we do without you???'hugging_face'	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	This is perfect for your online school class during coronavirus 'thumbs_up''thumbs_up''thumbs_up' download and share your links to your students'grinning_face''grinning_face''grinning_face'	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Secret	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	this is happening because they are now run by Facebook and Facebook can take any data from this app if they want. They can sell it, delete it, and just take it from you! This is not good and very much an invasion of mine and your privacy	无关
Dark mode support	We are	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	I have scheduled 2 meetings and folks can’t join because they get message that I’m on another mtg when I’m on the mtg they need to join.   I reinvented and then folks could join and I did both mtgs.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Whether for business or families in these times of “shelter in place”, I recommend highly using zoom.  Our BSF group has continued without missing a beat.  Our family “meets” in the evenings...not the same, of course but nearly so	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	app hay đó nhưng mà có chức năng để giáo viên kiu em lúc em đang đi vs nên e hong vui	无关
Mute channel notifications	It’s good	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Ruins students ki piyari zindigi 'smiling_face_with_heart-eyes'	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Yh	无关
Mark a message as Unread	So they shut school doors because of coronavirus,when I was joining my online class cloud meeting on iPad it never worked and it gave a black screen,but if I try it in pc it works perfectly fine so just fix the problem on iPad that’s all.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Hackers got me	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Mature.	无关
Quote messages	This app is openly stealing our data without our consent	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	This app is a big no for me.	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	This app steals your data, any window or tab you are on while using it AND opens your camera without you opening the app. So id uninstall if I were you.	无关
Renamed User Types	Corrupt	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	This app can open your camera any time they want and they take your data without your consent, they also sell your information to Facebook	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I really like zoom but it is glitchy sometimes .I can not hear what people are saying but I think that zoom is great anyway .it is kind of glitchy on the virtual backgrounds.	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Eehheeeye	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	lol see above	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	good	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Trash	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	I haven’t even used it yet but I can already tell it’s gonna be good.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Excellent service	无关
Gallery view on iPad	it lags a lot	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Well it is pretty good app it glitches a lot	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom is grey!	无关
Quote messages	Zoom is not a good name	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	ok	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	steals ur info and sells it to facebook.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	My experience using Zoom is great!  So appreciated this device!	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	The zoom app is perfect for our Morning Prayer group. Other then the feedback when we recite verses together it’s perfect. Would rather be meeting at church but Zoom gives us a the opportunity to meet together and start the day.'thumbs_up_light_skin_tone''folded_hands'	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Great	无关
Gallery view on iPad	All instructions and guides say there is a gallery view that you can use to view multiple participants but this is a lie.  I cannot find such an option on my Iphone with the updated app anywhere.  Swipe left nope, swipe right nope, click upper left nope, click upper right nope, click arrow nope no arrow to click, go to settings nope no gallery option in settings, it doesn’t exist, what would be the most useful feature of all the people you are meeting with.  Liars didn’t bother to include gallery view but they claim they did.  Pathetic.	相关
Quote messages	Thank you for enabling and  being part of this wonderful experience!	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	big pp poopoo make you do school during coronacation 'face_vomiting''face_with_medical_mask''microbe'	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	To hard to understand	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Excelente aplicación. Todavía no la manejo completamente. Gracias	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	So fun	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Buena aplicación, fácil de usar	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	I don’t know why but zoom app don’t have virtual background in phone version, I use this app all time by the way but I will like they add virtual backgrounds thanks!	相关
Support for text messaging (SMS and MMS)	I hate that I can’t disable notifications for certain times of the day. I use Zoom for work, not socializing, and I hate having to remember to log in and log out every day or else risk non-urgent client calls late at night or on the weekends.   I also hate that Zoom requires so much bandwidth for voice calls, and has such a long lag during conversations. I can use competitors’ VOIP apps without lag from the same physical location/bandwidth, but zoom call quality is AWFUL. If you have excellent very high speed internet, it does the job, but for those of us in rural areas or relying on cellular data, we aren’t a priority for Zoom Inc.   And what’s up with the lack of text messaging/SMS? We pay for zoom phone service. IT’S 2020: WHY ISN&#39;T THIS A THING?  There’s also a super annoying bug with Grasshopper: I use Zoom for one job and I use Grasshopper for another. After making a Zoom call, if I receive a Grasshopper call while still logged into the zoom app, it shows up as a Zoom call, and then disconnects as soon as I pick up. Then I’ve missed a call for my second job because my first job’s phone service is buggy.   I AM DISAPPOINTED, ZOOM.	相关
Mark a message as Unread	I need to connections with my people in my groups.  This app has a clear picture and sound.  It is easy and reliable.   Quality of preference is excellent.  I truly grateful for the people who created this app.  Thank you so much. God bless you.	无关
View contact card and presence	Excellent app to communicate especially during this corona crises	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Ai người VN tải ứng dụng này về nên xem xét kĩ các thông tin trên điện thoại, tránh bị đánh cắp nhé. Ứng dụng này đã làm điều đó với facebook của tôi. Cẩn thận!	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	멀리 있지만 같이 할수있음에 감사	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Terrible and confusing interface skype is way better and less glitchy	无关
Quote messages	Great	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	It’s difficult to connect  Never did get to join any of my meetings	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	A!!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Super seamless, and very intuitive. Great program	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	horrible	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	shshdkdj	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Secret	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	I&，39;m enjoying Zoom from my phone but I can&，39;t find it in my laptop&，39;s app store. It won&，39;t let me download from the web page. I could use some help with this	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Buena aplicación, fácil de usar	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Excellent service	无关
Support for 3rd party closed captioning tools	Hi Zoom,  I really thankful for set up Zoom and I love it. But when I see people talking so no subtitles so can you please make subtitles for deaf community? They can use zoom often if it is successful   Thank you Chris K	相关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	no	无关
Mark a message as Unread	This was exactly what I was looking for at exactly the right time! It’s easy to use and highly intuitive. It meets my needs perfectly and provides additional functionality.  I’m a fan.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom helps make meetings easier to attend. No traveling, no wasted time. Zoom is respectful of my precious time.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'	无关
Mark a message as Unread	I use this app for online school, but now that I&，39;ve heard that they use whatever window you have open on your laptop, I don&，39;t think this will happen again.	无关
Mute channel notifications	They’re sharing our info with Facebook	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	Would really love to see support of split screen for iPad OS. Trying to take notes in a floating window on my iPad while my professor shares his screen is really challenging. Otherwise love it function of the app so far.	相关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Excellent app	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Dude this is the app my school is using since we are in coronacation we have school through this app. This is by far the best experience i have ever had with school and its probably because of this app.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Very complicated hate it	无关
Gallery view on iPad	The user experience of the entire Zoom system is horrible. The app is no worse than the rest.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	This app is very hard to figure out how to use!	无关
Support for iPhone X	I was hoping for an update, but it looks like 3 weeks since the last. I’ve been experiencing performance issues consistently on my iPhone X. The UI is extremely slow to respond, sometimes it appears to block the main thread and I’m getting crashes sometimes. The audio continues to work prior to the crash, which is nice, but I’m often unable to unmute when I need to speak due to the performance issues. I’ve tried restarting the device, but nothing seems to help.	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Steals info	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Zoom is easy to use and highly reliable!	无关
Dark mode support	Zoom is cancer	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	This interface has been a bit of a life saver especially now with the implementation of the password for a more secure line.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	get zoom taken down 'face_vomiting''face_vomiting''face_vomiting''face_vomiting'	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	This app is sending our info to Facebook without our consent and can turn on our cameras whenever they want.	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Good way to connect with team members.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	We just met with our 11 children over zoom. With the pause in church meetings because of covid19 we held our own church meeting together. 'red_heart_selector'	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Facebook at it’s finest	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	Doesn’t support any form of split screen on iPad, so you can’t look at any notes or whatever during the chat. Not updated for the latest screen sizes.  Also it turns out their security is horrible and they take months to even start to respond to major security issues when reported to them.	相关
Quote messages	Ndzflzglglzlggxlgxgkxlgxwhy I give you a two star because The reason	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	This is helping keep my family connected. Love it. Wish it were just a little longer than 40 minutes. But great nonetheless	无关
Mute channel notifications	Not good My information is compromised	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Zoom is great it lets my kids learn during this pandemic and I just want to thank zoom	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Just no	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Why	无关
Mark a message as Unread	it&，39;s very easy to use. But, I had my credit card stolen after using last week. Discovered that zoom was still running in the background. I have uninstalled it now. Be careful!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	What an excellent tool!	无关
Mute channel notifications	Thank you for giving this to schools. You are the kind of person who makes society work.	无关
Quote messages	I like zoom because of our f'cat_face'ucking coronuvirous at school we have to facetime'orangutan''lobster''lobster''baby_chick''see-no-evil_monkey''two-hump_camel''lobster''goat''pig_face''camel''unicorn_face''pig_face''camel''shark''lobster''hear-no-evil_monkey''horse''unicorn_face''fish''exclamation_mark''input_numbers''exclamation_question_mark_selector''information_selector''Japanese_reserved_button''no_bicycles''input_numbers''OK_button''Japanese_reserved_button''globe_with_meridians''men’s_room''input_numbers''OK_button''restroom''globe_with_meridians''men’s_room''no_bicycles''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''restroom''input_symbols''input_symbols''input_symbols''left_luggage''eight-spoked_asterisk_selector''children_crossing''trident_emblem''no_littering''P_button_selector''eight-spoked_asterisk_selector''white_heavy_check_mark''exclamation_mark''dim_button''squid''pig_nose''orangutan''bird''squid''ox''butterfly''spider''spider_web''lizard''crocodile''eagle''orangutan''penguin''two-hump_camel''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''snail''orangutan''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''gorilla''peacock''eagle''honeybee''boar''ox' 'spider''peacock''snail''two-hump_camel''spider''orangutan''eagle''bird''snail''ewe''T-Rex''two-hump_camel''baby_chick''man_cartwheeling_selector''person_surfing_medium-dark_skin_tone'	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	五星好评，分期付款	无关
Attendee can raise or lower hand	I can no longer find the &#39;raise hand&#39; function on iPad and it is essential for me. Help!  UPDATE: Rebooted and all good.	相关
Mute channel notifications	It very good	无关
Dark mode support	It yoinks data	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Zoom has been great for me over the whole corona virus outbreak! I can stay in touch with teachers,friends, and family!'beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes'	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	reliability	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Zero rating due to issues connecting and no assistance with the app	无关
Quote messages	Chris Johnson is awesome!!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	It’s so AMAZING to connect with our Meetup friends via Zoom during this time of isolation!  Thanks to everyone at Zoom &amp; Meetup for making this available to us in our time of need!  Carol A. Taylor  Meetup Organizer	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Great for small groups, but gets overloaded quickly. Also overloads during peak hours, sometimes can’t even have a meeting.	无关
Renamed User Types	Very useful tool!	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	It helps me communicate very well with my classmates and teachers in my school online	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Great quality and good sound	无关
Quote messages	big pp poopoo make you do school during coronacation 'face_vomiting''face_with_medical_mask''microbe'	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	I like using the program because you can use it on your phone no glitches like other programs very simple to operate	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Everyone loves this app, do they know how their personal data is shared? Deleted.	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	Yea!	无关
Reconnect option	It’s reconnecting with good internet but not connecting	相关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	This interface has been a bit of a life saver especially now with the implementation of the password for a more secure line.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Have used app at least once a week and very happy with the quality. Thanks!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app has been proven to take our data and sell it without our permission. We must stand against this . This app is an invasion of privacy .	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	The stream keeps lagging.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	can’t hear or see anyone	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	tik tok sent me	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	I am a real estate agent and zoom allowed for us to continue to have training and meeting during COVID19	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	I love the quality when I am mobile and taking meetings in the car...	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Thanks to zoom I have to do school	无关
Mark a message as Unread	I’m home and used this up to keep working from home and it’s awesome.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Zoom steals your information just like life 360 and opens your camera at anytime it wants. Also if you have open windows on your laptop then they’ll use that too.	无关
Dark mode support	Zoom is a really good app. I had a meeting with majority of my associates and I was so surprised that Zoom was able to handle everyone that joined the virtual meeting. There were over 20 people who joined the meeting. So, zoom is a really good app. No lags. No disconnections. The sound quality was okay at times but other than that, The video quality is great. No complaints from either of us. Zoom gave us the opportunity to successfully do virtual meetings with many people, without setbacks and that, is why you developers deserve more than 5 stars.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Excellent app	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Just no	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	THANK YOU, ZOOM!  Love your app and love that it is free for short meetings.  Very user friendly.	无关
Quote messages	I DON’T WANNA LEARN THIS IS A VERY BAD APP AND I REFUSE TO SIT ON A SCREEN FOREVER TO LEARN	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Too hard.	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Oh yeshybgmngot	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	it's one of my favorite apps	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Thank you so very much for making this available to all of us. It has helped so many who are lonely and feel helpless. Is has also been a wonderful too for those of us who are missing our friends and family.	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	dhhdhx	无关
Mute channel notifications	Garbage app. No school plz.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	no	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Not exactly the same, but next best 'kiss_mark'	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Good	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Opportunity in Adversity	无关
View contact card and presence	This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	That’s pretty much it	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	To hard to understand	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Horrible just horrible	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Thanks AA, AlAnon, and church are using zoom. I’m even sharing it with my family.	无关
Mute channel notifications	Love this app just wish I could hear better? Any suggestions for muting people ? But adding music!	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	The stream keeps lagging.	无关
Support for filters on iOS	Zoom is great the only thing I miss is the filters because my iPad is a different type of model. So how can I do that. Please reply when when you can. Zoom is awesome because I can’t have background. And I can see all my friends in class. And I can listen to my teacher really well. Thanks. Can you give me filters? Thank you. And how do you access them? Thanks zoom	相关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	I really like all the features that Zoom has: virtual backgrounds, a chat box, a gallery view, two different cameras, you name it! The only bad things are the way it screeches when devices are too close and that it doesn&#39;t allow child accounts.	相关
View contact card and presence	Bad	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Right now people r using it cuz of corona	无关
Mute channel notifications	It’s a pleasure to see friends and talk issues that are happening around the United States. Zoom is so easy!  My friends are 70s plus.  Thank you Zoom!	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	It’s really useful for my kids schooling and my work	无关
Dark mode support	This app is really awesome!!!! I love that I get to see my friends and talk to them during this time of the Coronavirus. It’s a really fun app.	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	The virtual backgrounds could have more backgrounds, and when I do a zoom, I can’t see everybody I’m calling	相关
Dark mode support	Must I say more	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Bad	无关
Realtime whiteboard collaboration and whiteboard during screen sharing (iPad)	I was on a friend get together Zoom call as soon as I downloaded the app and I found it being pretty awesome!!  There is this whiteboard effect where everyone can draw/write at the same time.  We shared thoughts, drawings, and funny sketches with this, the zoom app is mainly purposed to bring workers in companies back together to discuss matters, but I found it a pleasant group chat with my friends.  Everyone says people sometimes judges things by first impressions and right now, I like this app- but that may change (my review might change) but I love it so far.   I recommend this app for people in businesses and people who just want to hang with their friends!  :-D - a Zoom user with an odd name : “song rater”.  Very odd name:-D  :-D If you have survived my long review, and read through my thoughts and feelings toward this app, I appreciate your patience, thank you for reading	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	NOT MY FAVORITE	无关
Gallery view on iPad	It’s lit	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Hhhhh	无关
Quote messages	This app,seems to fail most of the time.	无关
View contact card and presence	Best way to communicate in the internet!	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Glitchy	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	这个是企业购买的吧，我们公司买了，个人就可以注册了，我也不知道说的对不	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	So WONDERFUL for keeping your church family in fellowship 'double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector'	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Great idea when it works	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Ioii	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	It’s Capeesh	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	I have no school because of corona and I don’t want to FaceTime my class because it creepy and I don’t like my teachers. I hate zoom. I hate school.	无关
Airplay enabled	App is great but it would be better if you could stream video using AirPlay.	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	This app steals data when ever they want for you device not only that but turns on your camera when ever they want. This app also shares your information onto Facebook AND doesn’t keep the private messages to themselves so teachers can see them	无关
Mute channel notifications	The app is terrible it is so bad	无关
Attendee can raise or lower hand	Please bring back  *raised blue hand as an option *raised hand/ lower hand, button on the bottom of the participant list.   Its easier Thank you	相关
Mute channel notifications	Super	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	I dislike every moment of it.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Worked awesome We had a gathering with our friends Social distancing	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	VERY bad	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Wish platforms were more consistent	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Thank you for developing such a useful app !	无关
Support for filters on iOS	Doesn’t allow for filters on zoom meeting	相关
Quote messages	Application is working  extremely well for remote working during C-19.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Easy to use.  Thanks	无关
Dark mode support	I will give 5 stars when this app gets GoPro live compatibility	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Hi	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	So helpful during this difficult time in A.A.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Zoom is a lifeline that brings us together when there is a need to join as a family of friends or relatives.  Technology is surely appreciated at these times.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	It has same as chinese	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Excellent meeting tool	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	horrible	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	It is nice to be able to dance with my group when having to stay home	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom is cancer	无关
Mute channel notifications	This app is really glitchy, and can not work properly.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	it&，39;s very easy to use. But, I had my credit card stolen after using last week. Discovered that zoom was still running in the background. I have uninstalled it now. Be careful!	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	This is the best thing I ever had it&，39;s better than FaceTime with more than one person or maybe even more than 234-5678 910 who knows maybe even hold 100 people or pets	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	It shares data and steals info without your consent.	无关
Mute channel notifications	This application is constantly kicking me off. My account is being temporarily suspended on the weekly basis. Don’t recommend	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	School is cancelled because of COVID-19 and now I have to learn at home because of this app.	无关
Attendee can raise or lower hand	Amazing program! This is perfect for online school and school wouldn’t be able to continue with zoom. There are so many cool features like sharing your screen, raising your hand, being able to mute, unmute, and turn cameras on and off, and making sure students are engaged in class , as you can record there screen throughout the class. 5 out of 5 stars.	相关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	，cancel zoom	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Great quality and easy to use!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	You will have the best experience with Zoom.It has many features like the chat,a virtual background, and gallery view. You better download Zoom right now!	相关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Don’t download at all	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app is horrible on older devices	无关
Quote messages	Super duper workout on ZOOM!!!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	What an excellent tool!	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Facebook at it’s finest	无关
View contact card and presence	The meeting kept on freezing on us. Most of us were like in different times due to the poor quality	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This has been an amazing way to stay in touch with our small group!	无关
Support for original sound	I use Zoom to continue piano lessons during Covid19 isolation: once we figured out we need to “Use Original Sound” it has been great. Thanks SO MUCH for making this option available on iPad, iPhone etc.	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Wish platforms were more consistent	无关
View contact card and presence	I hate it	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Recomendada 100%	无关
View contact card and presence	This is exactly like FaceTime omg! I love the virtual backgrounds though. Nice youth. Thanks so much for doing what you do!,!!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	This app has helped me maintain my sanity during these difficult times. As a trainer I need to stay engaged not only for myself but for my client&，39;s sanity. Wish I could afford to pay for the service so that our time isn&，39;t so limited, but it is what it is. I&，39;m thankful for the free service nonetheless.  Awesome app, user friendly, great stability.	无关
Renamed User Types	lol see above	无关
Dark mode support	Zoom is the beat I love it	无关
Mark a message as Unread	this app is ruining our kids childhoods and they shouldn’t have to use this	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	good	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Works every time...	无关
Dark mode support	While this has been a learning curve for all I am very impressed and appreciative of this technology. It has provided great peace of mind in a time of chaos Thank you	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	The creator of this app deserves the Nobel Peace Prize! In this very uncertain time where we must stay inside, I’m extremely grateful for Zoom allowing me to still meet for my graduate school courses. Zoom is awesome!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Had multiple class calls and people hacked into the private class and started using not good language like the N word ect And the screenshared adult video in both of my high school classes	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	'thumbs_up'	无关
Renamed User Types	It’s good that we can FaceTime wit) students and teachers.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	So you have been sharing our info with facebook and you are turning on our camera when ever you want. And also, you have been going threw other windows and stealing data without consent.	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Ohitsreallynoah sent me	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Not exactly the same, but next best 'kiss_mark'	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Loving this app for meetings with my social groups !	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Very very awesome to be able to participate in a meeting of this caliber with participation from around the country!	无关
Mute channel notifications	When I'm on the road, I use this app to keep in touch with my coworkers and clients. Amazing.	无关
Renamed User Types	it called me the nword	无关
Renamed User Types	Excelente!  Gracias zoom!	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Great quality and good sound	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	aAMAZInHGGGgGgggG	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	This is the best thing I ever had it&，39;s better than FaceTime with more than one person or maybe even more than 234-5678 910 who knows maybe even hold 100 people or pets	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Has been a extremely helpful app in keeping our office and field workers in know during this Coronavirus Pandemic.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	I’ve been on three zoom webinars in the last two days that have been hacked by deviant minds. Please fix it	无关
Mute channel notifications	This app can track the open windows on your computer it’s also paired with Facebook and although this has since been fixed it used to just open your camera without you knowing whenever it wanted	无关
Siri support	The app is very much needed especially during the pandemic, it is highly appreciated and a huge welcome.  So far only flaw i can find with it is that every time Siri turns on it exits the zoom call which for most may not be a problem, but unfortunately i need headphones to hear properly and yes my headphones are the cause for Siri randomly turning on and no i can&#39;t get new ones 😓. Nonetheless the app is amazing and very helpful so thanks again for making the app and keeping it in tip top shape.	相关
Renamed User Types	麻痹就想着收集客户隐私，槽。	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Multi-person video conferencing function is amazing, wonderful how the person talking is highlighted. Every feature works perfectly and is well designed - ease of scheduling video conferencing, ease of sharing and connecting across platforms, intuitive controls. Seems like a very put together developer - assuming they don’t wreck it with updates that degrade the user experience, Zoom will be a household word worldwide. Thank you for such an excellent app.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	This app steals your information and sells it just a little fyi	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	My teacher put us to use this app so I decided to get this at 1 star to get it out of App Store	无关
Support for iPhone X	The display doesn\'t rotate on iPhone X. Volume adjustment is wonky when using AirPods. There is no way to give feedback through the app.  ;)	相关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	While this has been a learning curve for all I am very impressed and appreciative of this technology. It has provided great peace of mind in a time of chaos Thank you	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	I don’t want my information and stuff stolen that’s why.	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Had multiple class calls and people hacked into the private class and started using not good language like the N word ect And the screenshared adult video in both of my high school classes	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Its better than google meet	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	SEND HELP PLEASEEEEEE	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Zoom zoom	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	This app is simply a MUST!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	No	无关
Dark mode support	This is perfect for your online school class during coronavirus 'thumbs_up''thumbs_up''thumbs_up' download and share your links to your students'grinning_face''grinning_face''grinning_face'	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This is extremely helpful for school because they are shutting down. Darn you coronavirus	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	I am a WebEx user. I just started using this app, and so far so very good.  I find it very user-friendly.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Turning my camera on when i dont want it too also stealing my data	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Thank you for enabling and  being part of this wonderful experience!	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Take em down boys.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Yes I’m Haik’USA Facebook login app	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Hhhhh	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Th	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	I have two sister in their 70s. They are not techie. And they used it successfully.	无关
Support for account managed Virtual Backgrounds	I can’t get virtual backgrounds	相关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Da kine	无关
Push Notification for Contact Requests	Frequently contact requests do not get delivered and therefore can’t get person added to contacts, (even when they pull up in the contact search). Person just stays as “pending”	相关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Wonderful way to get together with friends	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	This application is constantly kicking me off. My account is being temporarily suspended on the weekly basis. Don’t recommend	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Video quality is clear	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	A complete waste of time that has terrible audio and visuals.	无关
Renamed User Types	Terrible	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	It glitches a lot	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Not enough volume... other than that perfect	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Even a 77 year old non genius set up (hosted) a meeting!  It was very easy and a lot of fun.  This app is a winner.	无关
Renamed User Types	Been attending zoom conference calls for the last few months in this paid coaching group I’ve joined and it’s super annoying how many times things break up and there is this robotic delay thing and you can’t understand what the person is saying. Happens all the time.	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	the will steal info and data	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	It’s just a bad app	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	The app sells your data and can turn on your cam when ever it wants. DONT GET!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Ease of you and clarity of connection is awesome! Appreciate the professional platform and ability to use documents/presentation materials.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app can take any data and share it anywhere. It can also share any of your tabs that are open on your phone/and device you can get it on. Its a violation of privacy.	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Absolutely terrible	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Great apps	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	So glad to have this app in this time of social distancing. It is nice to see others we are used to being with.	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Very very	无关
Quote messages	Great technology especially during these times. I appreciate being able to connect with my Emaus sisters and brothers. Our Lord will bless you	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	The app sells your data and can turn on your cam when ever it wants. DONT GET!	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	I tell you Zoom. Is the. Revelation. In  our time	无关
Support far end camera control	I look forward to seeing more options available for editing of sessions and camera control	相关
Mute channel notifications	I think zoom is great doing this time with the coronvirus because we can not visit family members. We can see family members and talk to them with ZOOM and be safe and away from crowds at the same time.  Love it !!	无关
Limit Screen Sharing to Only the Host	Zoom is pretty cool and all but it’s just kinda annoying to use sometimes I get kicked out for no reason all of the time and it’s super glitchy sometimes and the host should not have the power to unmute you so if you don’t want to talk you don’t have to and the fact that they use this app for school makes it even worse and I’m not really a fan of the breakout rooms and I wish everyone and not just the host was a able to share there screen but in all it’s a nice app and I like it	相关
Remove Unmute All option	Why would Zoom remove the host’s Unmute All feature? I’ve had to use it EVERY time I’ve had a meeting because there’s always a need. There are other quirks in this software that annoy too, like, shouldn’t I be able to get a list of people who registered and actually joined and stayed on the meeting without having to scroll thru myself during the meeting? Change the Unmute All feature for the host, for crying out loud!	相关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	The app is generally great but is very well optimised for the iPad hardware. The app simply does not work when multitasking. Whenever I leave the app, the video turns off immediately. When I’m screen sharing I can’t use split screen multitasking or even slide over. This essentially means you cannot take notes while in a zoom call without the video turning off. These are the main issues that I face with the app and would really like for it to be sorted out in a future update.	相关
Quote messages	this steals your information and shares it with facebook. ohitsreallynoah sent me	无关
Dark mode support	Laggy and doesn’t work	无关
Renamed User Types	Trash	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Very complicated hate it	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	It’s laggy	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	It MAKES uS NEED TO LEARN STILL	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Grateful to be able to minister across the world with this amazing tool. God bless you.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Absolutely adore this app.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Worked awesome We had a gathering with our friends Social distancing	无关
Mark a message as Unread	'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone'	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Awesome and convenient during this season of global turmoil.	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Not enough contrast. Horrible. Almost unusable	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Super duper workout on ZOOM!!!	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	I love it!!!!	无关
Quote messages	Great performance	无关
Gallery view on iPad	This has been a sanity saver, to be able to see and talk to my family. Thank you so much!	无关
Mute channel notifications	Facebook at it’s finest	无关
Dark mode support	Steals data and watches you	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Very useful tool!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	I hate school	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	they’re selling ur info to facebook n it’s not even in the privacy policy, shady.	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	We LOVE it! Thank you Zoom 'oncoming_fist_medium_skin_tone''red_heart_selector'	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Inexcusable data sharing with Facebook every time the app is opened for an Enterprise/payed subscription application....	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	The app is absolutely amazing. Thank you !	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	，cancel zoom	无关
Mark a message as Unread	It is such a relief to interact with colleagues face to face after. staying in place to work. Afriye	无关
View contact card and presence	Whether for business or families in these times of “shelter in place”, I recommend highly using zoom.  Our BSF group has continued without missing a beat.  Our family “meets” in the evenings...not the same, of course but nearly so	无关
Quote messages	I think it’s good but it’s to glitchy I can never hear what a person is saying most of the time and I think you should make it kind of like google classroom with class work	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Cool service, but not at all effective in the midst of a global pandemic. Too many issues with connectivity, accessibility, and differences in availability with students and teachers alike.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Worked awesome We had a gathering with our friends Social distancing	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Zoom is a great way to speak to a group and get great feedback. I will recommend this app to everyone who is a business owner.	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	The designer should be embarrassed. Hard to use.	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	This app is very buggy and hard to talk to groups. Unless everyone is muted, there is a very annoying echo and glitches	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Simply recommendable..LIKE	无关
Mute channel notifications	By Corona shutting down everything it’s good being able to keep in touch with co workers doing daily meetings and be able to do my one try love which is exercise through my instructor it’s been blessing to have Zoom.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	I’m home and used this up to keep working from home and it’s awesome.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	It is nice to be able to dance with my group when having to stay home	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	The best keeps getting better....	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Don’t download this app It over heated my device and fried my battery	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Excelente aplicación. Todavía no la manejo completamente. Gracias	无关
Mute channel notifications	It’s so AMAZING to connect with our Meetup friends via Zoom during this time of isolation!  Thanks to everyone at Zoom &amp; Meetup for making this available to us in our time of need!  Carol A. Taylor  Meetup Organizer	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	This app is amazing especially at this time wish I downloaded it earlier	无关
View contact card and presence	There’s nothing wrong with zoom but a lot of times apps like this have more features so there’s nothing wrong it just could better	无关
Support for filters on iOS	Really all I want is video filters on mobile	相关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Bad boar not work	无关
Mark a message as Unread	We had such fun with our kids exercising. Thank zoom for making so easy for us to share moments in this difficult times.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Sorry y’all	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Most done thing I’ve ever been on	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Please change that	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	good	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	It’s Capeesh	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Easy to use	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	I love  Zoom	无关
Renamed User Types	This app is fantastic  Thank to creator for this helpful app	无关
Quote messages	It’s overwhelming okay	无关
Mark a message as Unread	This app has been a life saver for my wellness business. I am working with clients individually, hosting classes, and seeing friends and family while we are all socially distancing. The quality and ease of use is great!	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Excellent! It really lifted my Spirits as I live alone.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Super easy to use, even for people who are not computer savvy.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Garbage, hard 2 use	无关
Dark mode support	this is happening because they are now run by Facebook and Facebook can take any data from this app if they want. They can sell it, delete it, and just take it from you! This is not good and very much an invasion of mine and your privacy	无关
View contact card and presence	This interface has been a bit of a life saver especially now with the implementation of the password for a more secure line.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This is not cool I’m not trying to do online school	无关
Renamed User Types	Quick install and easy. Have used it before only on a pc. This is my first iPad use of the product. Worked well and is a no hassle install	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Super duper workout on ZOOM!!!	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Great apps	无关
Support for filters on iOS	It’s a great app but there’s one thing that bugs me filters it doesn’t let me use filters ☹️ pls  Can you make filters for every one and not a setting	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	It glitches a lot	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	The audio is terrible there’s a lot of lagging	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	It sell your information to company’s without you knowing	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	app lập ra làm loz què gì v	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Quick install and easy. Have used it before only on a pc. This is my first iPad use of the product. Worked well and is a no hassle install	无关
Gallery view on iPad	It tries to steal my identity and information. BE CAREFUL	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	I love zoom because I can chat with my friends and chat with my teachers and we can do activity’s together'beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''smiling_face_with_heart-eyes''red_heart_selector'	无关
Renamed User Types	I am a real estate agent and zoom allowed for us to continue to have training and meeting during COVID19	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Recomendada 100%	无关
Mute channel notifications	This app is super Gucci and I 'red_heart_selector' it. It is very useful.	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	My experience using Zoom is great!  So appreciated this device!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Garbage	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Awesome App!!!!	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	It’s a really nice app for zoom on iPad. But when you want to do a little bit more it’s not the best. My 2 major problems.  1. Doesn’t have split view. I do need to see other files or take notes, or connect to my remote desktop while on a call... and the only option to mute unmute or see the attendees is to have this app full screen... it’s zoom app or nothing.  this is not a pro feature...  2. I have to use my BT phones wired while on a call, otherwise it freaks out the BT keyboard. This might be an Apple issue, but a growing company like Zoom might have something to say to Apple.   Bonus: Any way you can take control over the play/pause button to use it as mute/unmute?  Otherwise, a great and stable app.	相关
Renamed User Types	Every single time. Bravo	无关
Custom video filters	I like that they added filters to iPad because I always wished Zoom added that. I like that you can add your own background if you don’t want the regular ones. I also like that you can share screen so your friends/family can see what you are seeing.	相关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Tried to zoom in on Dolphins 50 feet away, didn\'t do a thing for me.	无关
Mute channel notifications	It is such a relief to interact with colleagues face to face after. staying in place to work. Afriye	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Did you guys not know that zoom actually is stealing your info and turning in your cameras whenever they please this app is stupid	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	I can’t get it to screen mirror on my TV with my iPhone 11, and we have Samsung Smart TV	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Zoom is easy to use and highly reliable!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Please change that	无关
Mute channel notifications	I need to connections with my people in my groups.  This app has a clear picture and sound.  It is easy and reliable.   Quality of preference is excellent.  I truly grateful for the people who created this app.  Thank you so much. God bless you.	无关
Renamed User Types	It’s so AMAZING to connect with our Meetup friends via Zoom during this time of isolation!  Thanks to everyone at Zoom &amp; Meetup for making this available to us in our time of need!  Carol A. Taylor  Meetup Organizer	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Hhhhh	无关
Mute channel notifications	This is better that FaceTime and zoom is a good app.	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Videos are hard to see	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Better than google hangouts or meet	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	This app is very hard to figure out how to use!	无关
Dark mode support	Gets a bit choppy sometimes. I like school better.	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	Thanks	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Very useable on my iPhone 11PlusMax!	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	really not about to have some bum app sell my data 'yawning_face'	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Amazing App!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Thank you!!	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Steals your information	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Ya	无关
Quote messages	It tries to steal my identity and information. BE CAREFUL	无关
Renamed User Types	Stop selling our information and stealing our information weirdos.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I love how this app lets us meet simultaneously from wherever we are and that we can invite others to join, even if they don’t have the app: all they need to do is click the link we send them.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Not enough instruction how to use app	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	It is awesome because it is great to communicate with people and friends	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	I could not here and I had to go through so much to get help.	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Well it is pretty good app it glitches a lot	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Seems good but hope more feature come soon like make new friends	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Oh yeshybgmngot	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Called me mean names, gave me depression, and they are huge donors to Trump!!!	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Da kine	无关
Mark a message as Unread	This app made me so mad! It logged out my students while I was performing a lecture! It is arguably worse then not teaching them at all!! DO NOT GET THIS APP!	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Wish platforms were more consistent	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	Seems good but hope more feature come soon like make new friends	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Great App, so user friendly!!!!!!	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Nope	无关
Support for filters on iOS	In my windows I can put the video filters but in my I pad air 4 I can’t you can solve that?	相关
Dark mode support	Stealin my info	无关
View contact card and presence	What will we do without you???'hugging_face'	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Bad	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	I was told you share our information with Facebook and I honestly don’t like it :(	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	This app is stealing yore information pls don’t download	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	AWSOME GAME :0	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	It’s frickin bad	无关
Mark a message as Unread	Zoom has been taking everyone’s private information and sharing it with Facebook. They also can go into any open windows on your computer and steal information. And a they didn’t even MENTION it in the policy and terms. Please help share this information!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Sorry y’all	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Really thankful that I’m able to meet with my friends and see everyone. I don’t feel so isolated, this is helping cope with all the social isolation. 'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone''grinning_face_with_big_eyes'	无关
Renamed User Types	I don’t like school	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Application is working  extremely well for remote working during C-19.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	I hate school	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Bad  Jk but I still don’t like it I prefer face time	无关
Quote messages	i have school meetings on zoom and it’s really laggy and could barely understand what my professor was saying	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	The meeting kept on freezing on us. Most of us were like in different times due to the poor quality	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	This app has been proven to take our data and sell it without our permission. We must stand against this . This app is an invasion of privacy .	无关
Dark mode support	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	This app can steal all of your data. Zoom is potential of stealing your data from open tabs and also turning your camera on whenever it wants to.	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I can’t open any meeting ... WHY	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	Very easy to use.  Great quality audio &amp; video.	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Or maybe I just forgot how to use i	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Do not load this software!	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Love this app I will give a five star but one at a time thank you	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Zoom is great	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Now because if this, we have school while we’re supposed to be at home vibing	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	Fast, easy!!	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	Garbage	无关
Dark mode support	When you get band you can’t get unbanned	无关
Dark mode support	I was told you share our information with Facebook and I honestly don’t like it :(	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	I love it	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Hhhhh	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Hhhhh	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Bye Felicia	无关
Renamed User Types	I must say in the beginning it was fun. Now? Hacking and exploiting every day. Personal information and access to your devices without consent or knowledge. Careful!	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	I love this app	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I think zoom is great doing this time with the coronvirus because we can not visit family members. We can see family members and talk to them with ZOOM and be safe and away from crowds at the same time.  Love it !!	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	steaks data	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Excellent video Tech bringing us all together,especially this critical time-Worldwide (COVID-19) ....Nice one....God is real. Thanks, Emmanuel Eregie.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zoom can look at your things and share it with Facebook	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	send e mail code	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I hate school	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Everyone loves this app, do they know how their personal data is shared? Deleted.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	No online school	无关
Mark a message as Unread	whoever likes this app is a teacher or a teacher’s pet. i give this a app big shrek pp	无关
View contact card and presence	It is the best!	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	no	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Ioii	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I’m new at this but it’s something I will be using much more In the future.	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	It’s ok. Somewhat cumbersome and temperamental.  Difficult to arrange a background picture to your meeting.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zoom has been an outstanding platform for all types of needs. Would recommend to anyone	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	THIS APP CAN TURN ON YOUR CAMERA ANYTIME IT WANTS. IT STEALS YOUR DATA. AND WHAT IF YOUR CHANGING SO YOU TURN YOUR CAMERA OFF.. IT CAN JUST TURN BACK ON. PERVERTS PROBABLY MADE THE APP.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Excellent app for conferences. Not a fan of the time limit w/out licensing, but the video quality is excellent.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Takes data without telling us	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I love this app! This was a genius idea! Thanks for making it!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	'thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone'	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app is stealing data when they please form any open windows and is sharing all its information with Facebook!!! Stop using this app it’s stealing your information!!!!	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	I think zoom is great doing this time with the coronvirus because we can not visit family members. We can see family members and talk to them with ZOOM and be safe and away from crowds at the same time.  Love it !!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Can’t seem to get this to work at all.  Hours of my life I’ll never get back. Tried to only leave 1 star but the feedback would not be accepted.  It keep saying that the “nickname was taken”	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	shares information with facebook and hacks into your camera whenever. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	It’s like Facebook, everybody and their mom are using it. Honestly, don’t listen to all those one star haters. If your having any doubts, read about it in the New York Times, tweet Elon Musk, or just google their Wikipedia page.	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	멀리 있지만 같이 할수있음에 감사	无关
Quote messages	Super seamless, and very intuitive. Great program	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	What a blessing that we are able to connect with our Bible Study during this isolation. I’m very grateful for ZOOM'heart_exclamation'	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	STOP DESTROYING.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	watched someone forget to mute their mic and get into a screaming match with someone else in the room while having a completely straight face. Stay inside flatten the curve.	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	So glad to have this app in this time of social distancing. It is nice to see others we are used to being with.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	good	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	There’s nothing wrong with zoom but a lot of times apps like this have more features so there’s nothing wrong it just could better	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Great to connect to the family and friends especially at this point in time because of staying at home during restrictions due to the Virus. Thank you for this privilege.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Since we are stuck at home and now this has been my go to meeting place!!!!   Thank you Zoom	无关
Mark a message as Unread	0/10	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Great apps	无关
Mark a message as Unread	I have read that zoom shares its information with Facebook and can actually turn the camera on whenever it wants to. Zoom works for the bourgeoisie. Jk. But zoom is creepy.	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	After using this great app for two weeks, it doesn’t work anymore!!! What should I do? What’s the problem? My students have been waiting for the classes!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Even a 77 year old non genius set up (hosted) a meeting!  It was very easy and a lot of fun.  This app is a winner.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	It’s frickin bad	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	This is such a great communication tool. It’s easy to use and easy to explain to new users. It offers a variety of ways to access. New users are always impressed and eager to do another.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	The meeting internet is good. But the ID thing is dumb	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Nope	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Camera quality with many is poor and there are many glitches in it :/	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This application seems simple to use when in reality is used by a group of hackers that introduce scrips to your user interface giving up your administrative rights within your system and soon your computer iPhone iPad etc will become just a slave drive and watching how your files are stolen passwords changed and administrative rights used and abused by strangers.  Stay off this app if you don't want to lose all you invested in your computer systems. It's a bad idea!	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Great for school and work porpuses!	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	So you have been sharing our info with facebook and you are turning on our camera when ever you want. And also, you have been going threw other windows and stealing data without consent.	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Great UI	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Good way to have meetings and also a good way to visit with friends and family	无关
Transfer a phone call to voicemail	send e mail code	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	They’re sharing our info with Facebook	无关
View contact card and presence	Zoom helps make meetings easier to attend. No traveling, no wasted time. Zoom is respectful of my precious time.	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	They have our information and are taking our data without our consent.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	No	无关
Quote messages	This app has been proven to take our data and sell it without our permission. We must stand against this . This app is an invasion of privacy .	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Trash	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	Wonderful way to communicate actually seeing others!	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	The CEO of Zoom allowed free and unrestricted access to Zoom to educators during this crisis and it has kept everyone afloat. Thank you.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Love it- highly recommend using this AP	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Hi	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	I miss my friends and I want to go back to school 'crying_face'	无关
Mute channel notifications	What an awesome tool to keep friends and family in touch during this tragic time.  Thank you, Zoom!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Perfect, thank you!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	So easy to use enjoy that we can turn camera off !	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Since the corona virus pandemic we haven’t been able to attend school and this app gives quality service and a good e-learning environment	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	It’s good and everything thing so yea but it’s freaking school	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zoom has been vital to educators and students across the world during COVID-19.  We have been able to see, teach, listen, and communicate quickly and efficiently to better serve our families and community while social distancing. Thank you!	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	First time user. Great!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Zoom is great	无关
View contact card and presence	Very useable on my iPhone 11PlusMax!	无关
Raised hands appear in the order in which they were raised	Zoom is really great I like it it&，39;s fast and easy i go school my school is shutting down but zoom made my life better I talk to my friends and more	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	This app can track the open windows on your computer it’s also paired with Facebook and although this has since been fixed it used to just open your camera without you knowing whenever it wanted	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This is the worst app especially for online school during the coronavirus	无关
Support for iPhone X	On IPad Os it gives trouble When connecting to a meeting with password. Sometimes it connects and other times it gives incorrect password error.  Tried removing app, sign out, &amp; reinstalling and updating to latest version.   But works flawlessly on iPhone X and iPhone 8	相关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	I refuse 'raised_hand''flushed_face'	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	it's one of my favorite apps	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Donna Travis	无关
Renamed User Types	It’s really good. And I highly recommended it for everyone	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	To talk to them during fortnight no mike just zoom	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	^^^^	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	I am watching a joyous sight right now.  A pre K 3 year old is on the computer with her teacher and friends that she hasn’t been able to see for 2 weeks!  I can’t describe the smiles adequately. Thank you ZOOM!	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	'OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand''OK_hand'	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This app steals your data, any window or tab you are on while using it AND opens your camera without you opening the app. So id uninstall if I were you.	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Privacy issues, China linked, not trusted. Done.	无关
Renamed User Types	steaks data	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	This is exactly like FaceTime omg! I love the virtual backgrounds though. Nice youth. Thanks so much for doing what you do!,!!	无关
Renamed User Types	Very useable on my iPhone 11PlusMax!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	I think it’s good but it’s to glitchy I can never hear what a person is saying most of the time and I think you should make it kind of like google classroom with class work	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	It’s really good. And I highly recommended it for everyone	无关
Gallery view on iPad	AWSOME GAME :0	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	Most reliable video conferencing app I have ever used on iPhone.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	I didn’t not agree to have an app that can RECORD MY CHILDREN ( underage ) went they accidentally leave the site open on there computers . This is an inappropriate thing to do with underaged KIDS!! I can’t believe I used this , and I let my children use it as well . I HOPE this app gets shut down !!!	无关
Gallery view on iPad	ok	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Happy to have this app on the go for mobility. Works great with our conference room systems.	无关
Renamed User Types	Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral	无关
Dark mode support	It’s crap it doesn’t work	无关
Mute channel notifications	It does and also I don’t like school	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This is so cool!! Really like this app!!	无关
Enhanced echo suppression	Zoom has been a great tool to use for this year’s events, and normally I would give it five stars. But, there is one thing that is really annoying - on mobile, you cannot turn the volume all the way down. In class when my teacher requires us to join our Zoom, there is this terrible echoing of their voice and any other noise that happens in the classroom. The only way to get it to stop is to put my headphones in and listen to it myself, which makes listening to the teacher almost impossible. I was hoping that the devs can make a small change and allow the volume on the mobile app to be completely turned off. Thank you for reading!	相关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	It’s wonderful to see and hear people at this time when anxiety and isolation are part of our universe. Zoom is a great platform to connect and has many types of meetings for many different purposes.	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Please give	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Thanks	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	Really appreciate the customer friendly design fir those of us who are not techies!	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	I hate school	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Zoom is hands down the best tool on the market for video meetings. Even my family has grown to love Zoom. Instead of FaceTime, we get everyone on a Zoom call.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Absolutely adore this app.	无关
Renamed User Types	watched someone forget to mute their mic and get into a screaming match with someone else in the room while having a completely straight face. Stay inside flatten the curve.	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	This app is not good 'wastebasket' 'roll_of_paper'	无关
Quote messages	We have been in contract negotiations with our hospital for over a year. We are battling for our corporation to take proper care of their employees financially and in safety. This Zoom App has been fabulous for continued meetings and chat forums. Thx	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Excellent app	无关
Mute channel notifications	This is an amazing ThisT  Thi	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	It’s Capeesh	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	每次上网课都用这个特别好！很实用哦大家强力推荐	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	I was able to do this with my limited technology skills.  I need it for school and the app made it very doable.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	reliability	无关
Mute channel notifications	Почему я не могу поменять фон?	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	Great	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	Oop we outie	无关
Command + Shift + A: Mute/Unmute my microphone	The greatest achievement in this century	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Garbage app. No school plz.	无关
Mark a message as Unread	I like using Zoom.	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Zoom has been taking everyone’s private information and sharing it with Facebook. They also can go into any open windows on your computer and steal information. And a they didn’t even MENTION it in the policy and terms. Please help share this information!	无关
Star Contacts and Chat Channels so that they are always easily accessible at the top of your Zoom chat window.	Do not load this software!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	All you have to do is  invite people and with the Coronavirus going on it’s super helpful.	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Just no	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Hackers got me	无关
Reconnect option	First time with a client. I was in the backyard. It started great but then had trouble with the audio going in and out. The screen froze frequently and had to disconnect and reconnect several times. Not sure how this is better than FaceTime🤔	相关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	Mostly I’ve been skeptical on using these, but due to coronavirus I have to- and honestly, I love the app!  Very good quality audio, though occasionally cuts a bit.  Excellent video quality!	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Cool	无关
Quote messages	Почему я не могу поменять фон?	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Really appreciate the customer friendly design fir those of us who are not techies!	无关
Mark a message as Unread	During the social distancing it helps keep in touch with people and with teachers best thing to have right now!'smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes'	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	dhhdhx	无关
Apple CarPlay support	If I have my iPhone in hand, the app works as I would expect. The CarPlay interaction needs work. Ideally, I can view upcoming meetings in CarPlay and call into a meeting with one touch. Can you make this happen, please??	相关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	My experience using Zoom is great!  So appreciated this device!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	I really like zoom but it is glitchy sometimes .I can not hear what people are saying but I think that zoom is great anyway .it is kind of glitchy on the virtual backgrounds.	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	Donna Travis	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Zoom is hands down the best tool on the market for video meetings. Even my family has grown to love Zoom. Instead of FaceTime, we get everyone on a Zoom call.	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding adding additional wildcard domains for authentication profiles	The app sells your data and can turn on your cam when ever it wants. DONT GET!	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	shshdkdj	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	This is an excellent app!	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Amazing way to communicate!	无关
Users can now disable Safe Driving Mode for all meetings in their Zoom app settings.	It’s good	无关
Dark mode support	Camera quality with many is poor and there are many glitches in it :/	无关
Meeting and webinar passwords now called Passcodes	It’s lit	无关
Quote messages	It cool but it can be hard To Uses	无关
Quote messages	This is a great app. I have seen it used for meetings, fast easily, and very accurately. Since the coved 19 (coronavirus) is making all people stay at home, we have been using zoom for school, Amazing! Thank you, zoom!  Sincerely, a zoom lover.	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	Zero rating due to issues connecting and no assistance with the app	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	Using this for small group Bible Study Class due to the Coronavirus Pandemic.	无关
Mute channel notifications	So WONDERFUL for keeping your church family in fellowship 'double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector''double_exclamation_mark_selector'	无关
Gallery view on iPad	Hi	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	they’re selling ur info to facebook n it’s not even in the privacy policy, shady.	无关
File transfer control for internal and external contacts	Ya	无关
Support for Chat Folders on mobile	It does and also I don’t like school	无关
Quote messages	Terrible app	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	I love it	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	shshdkdj	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	That’s pretty much it	无关
Support for Split Screen Multitasking on iPad	Many of us take notes digitally - either by typing into a word document or handwritten using a stylus. Zoom doesn’t allow us to use iPad’s spit screen capabilities.  This forces us to use more than one device to watch online lecture broadcasts and take notes (if we have another, that is).  I would uninstall this in a heartbeat if it weren’t for my class/university using Zoom as a primary medium. It is a shame! There are better alternative programs out there. They had to pick one that is missing basic features.  Split-screen was implemented on iPad devices years ago. Zoom is the only app on my device that won’t allow it.. Appalling.	相关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Donna Travis	无关
Support enabling/disabling annotation on the web	So basically it takes your stuff from your windows open without consent	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Had so much fun.'grinning_face''grinning_face_with_big_eyes''grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes''beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes''grinning_squinting_face'	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Don’t install zoom and accept  their privacy policy because they invade you’re privacy,please go read their privacy policy!!!!!!	无关
Order Q&A chronologically or by upvotes	Mature.	无关
Dark mode support	Muy útil durante la cuarentena	无关
View Other Participant’s Audio Status	this is for school and i hate seeing faces that i dont wanna see on my BREAK	无关
Users are now able to share their Dropbox content.	Horrible just horrible	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	There sharing all our Info with face book	无关
Resolved an issue regarding an alternative host joining a webinar	Hackers got me	无关
Unsent text is saved between chat sessions	I love it	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	Love this app, easy to use!	无关
Support moving user to another session after breakout session begins	No	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	This app is a big no for me.	无关
Adjust Touch Up My Appearance	While this has been a learning curve for all I am very impressed and appreciative of this technology. It has provided great peace of mind in a time of chaos Thank you	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	First time to use ZOOM,was during COVID19 social distancing necessity.  Flawless.  Excellent for work and personal use applications	无关
Dark mode support	Excelente aplicación!	无关
Custom languages for language interpretation	Excellent app to communicate especially during this corona crises	无关
Dark mode support	This app is amazing especially at this time wish I downloaded it earlier	无关
Dial-in countries can be added when scheduling meetings	Love the app	无关
Resolved an issue for a subset of users regarding complex dial-strings and one-tap calling	I must be doing something wrong....kids can do it! It just seems so hard since there is no instructions!!!!!	无关
Enhanced Untrusted Server Certificate alerts	This app has helped me maintain my sanity during these difficult times. As a trainer I need to stay engaged not only for myself but for my client&，39;s sanity. Wish I could afford to pay for the service so that our time isn&，39;t so limited, but it is what it is. I&，39;m thankful for the free service nonetheless.  Awesome app, user friendly, great stability.	无关
Mobile video no longer freezes when switching apps	By Corona shutting down everything it’s good being able to keep in touch with co workers doing daily meetings and be able to do my one try love which is exercise through my instructor it’s been blessing to have Zoom.	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Great app! Grateful for the technology!	无关
UI enhancement to phone number labels	Having trouble with Zoom and RingCentral	无关
